http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frank_Lloyd_Wright=Frank Lloyd Wright
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francesco_Borromini=Francesco Borromini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I._M._Pei=I. M. Pei
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ludwig_Mies_van_der_Rohe=Ludwig Mies van der Rohe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Le_Corbusier=Le Corbusier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Minoru_Yamasaki=Minoru Yamasaki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mario_Botta=Mario Botta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norman_Foster,_Baron_Foster_of_Thames_Bank=Norman Foster, Baron Foster of Thames Bank
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Renzo_Piano=Renzo Piano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rem_Koolhaas=Rem Koolhaas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walter_Gropius=Walter Gropius
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daniel_Burnham=Daniel Burnham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aldo_Rossi=Aldo Rossi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oscar_Niemeyer=Oscar Niemeyer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henri_Labrouste=Henri Labrouste
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eero_Saarinen=Eero Saarinen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cass_Gilbert=Cass Gilbert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Graves=Michael Graves
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Burgee=John Burgee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frank_Gehry=Frank Gehry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wallace_Harrison=Wallace Harrison
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philip_Johnson=Philip Johnson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adolf_Loos=Adolf Loos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Meier=Richard Meier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_C._Portman,_Jr.=John C. Portman, Jr.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Durell_Stone=Edward Durell Stone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paolo_Soleri=Paolo Soleri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moshe_Safdie=Moshe Safdie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Venturi=Robert Venturi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis_Kahn=Louis Kahn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kevin_Roche=Kevin Roche
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steen_Eiler_Rasmussen=Steen Eiler Rasmussen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gottfried_Semper=Gottfried Semper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicholas_Hawksmoor=Nicholas Hawksmoor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arne_Jacobsen=Arne Jacobsen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Butterfield=William Butterfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edwin_Lutyens=Edwin Lutyens
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ricardo_Bofill=Ricardo Bofill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Gilbert_Scott=George Gilbert Scott
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giles_Gilbert_Scott=Giles Gilbert Scott
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Nash_(architect)=John Nash (architect)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Augustus_Pugin=Augustus Pugin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Adam=Robert Adam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Kent=William Kent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Vanbrugh=John Vanbrugh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Chambers_(architect)=William Chambers (architect)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Barry=Charles Barry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Auguste_de_Montferrand=Auguste de Montferrand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benjamin_Henry_Latrobe=Benjamin Henry Latrobe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inigo_Jones=Inigo Jones
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walter_Dorwin_Teague=Walter Dorwin Teague
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Adams_(architect)=Thomas Adams (architect)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Thornhill=James Thornhill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jan_Santini_Aichel=Jan Santini Aichel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Adler=David Adler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arthur_Erickson=Arthur Erickson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daniel_Libeskind=Daniel Libeskind
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tadao_Ando=Tadao Ando
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stanford_White=Stanford White
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Cubitt=Thomas Cubitt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Neutra=Richard Neutra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bernard_Tschumi=Bernard Tschumi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Holden=Charles Holden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eliel_Saarinen=Eliel Saarinen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfred_Waterhouse=Alfred Waterhouse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Soane=John Soane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Eisenman=Peter Eisenman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Webb_(architect)=John Webb (architect)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Morris_Lapidus=Morris Lapidus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_James_(architect)=John James (architect)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Loughborough_Pearson=John Loughborough Pearson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ralph_Rapson=Ralph Rapson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Will_Alsop=Will Alsop
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Middleton_Barry=Edward Middleton Barry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ithiel_Town=Ithiel Town
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hector_Guimard=Hector Guimard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alvin_M._Strauss=Alvin M. Strauss
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ettore_Sottsass=Ettore Sottsass
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isaac_de_Caus=Isaac de Caus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Hansom=Joseph Hansom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Basil_Spence=Basil Spence
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Stirling_(architect)=James Stirling (architect)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Victor_Horta=Victor Horta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Decimus_Burton=Decimus Burton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Julia_Morgan=Julia Morgan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Claude_Perrault=Claude Perrault
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Wyatt=James Wyatt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacques-Germain_Soufflot=Jacques-Germain Soufflot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Mylne_(architect)=Robert Mylne (architect)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Enric_Miralles=Enric Miralles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Otto_Wagner=Otto Wagner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Rogers=Richard Rogers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Verner_Panton=Verner Panton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_van_de_Velde=Henry van de Velde
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Hobson_Richardson=Henry Hobson Richardson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zaha_Hadid=Zaha Hadid
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Bulfinch=Charles Bulfinch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrea_Palladio=Andrea Palladio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ernest_Cormier=Ernest Cormier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aston_Webb=Aston Webb
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mimar_Sinan=Mimar Sinan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Correa=Charles Correa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hassan_Fathy=Hassan Fathy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/H._Craig_Severance=H. Craig Severance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Balthasar_Neumann=Balthasar Neumann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pietro_Belluschi=Pietro Belluschi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patrick_Nuttgens=Patrick Nuttgens
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Percy_Erskine_Nobbs=Percy Erskine Nobbs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/O'Neil_Ford=O'Neil Ford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mikael_Colville-Andersen=Mikael Colville-Andersen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Frederick_Bodley=George Frederick Bodley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Dance_the_Younger=George Dance the Younger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Ustick_Walter=Thomas Ustick Walter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Coad=Richard Coad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Taylor_(architect)=Robert Taylor (architect)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Upjohn=Richard Upjohn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Wellborn_Root=John Wellborn Root
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Lloyd_Wright=John Lloyd Wright
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frits_Peutz=Frits Peutz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Garnier_(architect)=Charles Garnier (architect)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Moore_(architect)=Charles Moore (architect)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_Thomson=Alexander Thomson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albert_Lothian=Albert Lothian
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wirt_C._Rowland=Wirt C. Rowland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Francis_Bentley=John Francis Bentley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Thomas_(architect)=William Thomas (architect)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kenneth_MacKenzie_Murchison=Kenneth MacKenzie Murchison
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Washington_Roebling=Washington Roebling
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rudolph_Schindler_(architect)=Rudolph Schindler (architect)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clough_Williams-Ellis=Clough Williams-Ellis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Le_Baron_Jenney=William Le Baron Jenney
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Douglas_Cardinal=Douglas Cardinal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Addison_Mizner=Addison Mizner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sydney_Smirke=Sydney Smirke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Owen_Luder=Owen Luder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lars_Sonck=Lars Sonck
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Herbert_Horne=Herbert Horne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Bernhard_Fischer_von_Erlach=Johann Bernhard Fischer von Erlach
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Zumthor=Peter Zumthor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Morris_Anderson=Charles Morris Anderson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Behrens=Peter Behrens
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harvey_Lonsdale_Elmes=Harvey Lonsdale Elmes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Foster_(architect)=John Foster (architect)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frederick_Gibberd=Frederick Gibberd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Wilkins_(architect)=William Wilkins (architect)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philip_Webb=Philip Webb
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_Ludvig_Engel=Carl Ludvig Engel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Arad=Michael Arad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lewis_Cubitt=Lewis Cubitt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacob_van_Campen=Jacob van Campen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colen_Campbell=Colen Campbell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Gordon_Dower=John Gordon Dower
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Williams_(architect)=Paul Williams (architect)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Victor_Papanek=Victor Papanek
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Doughty_(naval_architect)=William Doughty (naval architect)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Hare=Henry Hare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sverre_Fehn=Sverre Fehn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicodemus_Tessin_the_Younger=Nicodemus Tessin the Younger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Witold_Rybczynski=Witold Rybczynski
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Rickman=Thomas Rickman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_A._M._Stern=Robert A. M. Stern
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marcel_Breuer=Marcel Breuer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Welton_Becket=Welton Becket
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Laing_(architect)=David Laing (architect)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bruce_Mau=Bruce Mau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vincent_Harris=Vincent Harris
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierre_Koenig=Pierre Koenig
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Flitcroft=Henry Flitcroft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toyo_Ito=Toyo Ito
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Viljo_Revell=Viljo Revell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arthur_Blomfield=Arthur Blomfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rafael_Moneo=Rafael Moneo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miles_Warren=Miles Warren
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ian_Athfield=Ian Athfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Konstantin_Thon=Konstantin Thon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Pereira=William Pereira
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vilhelm_Lauritzen=Vilhelm Lauritzen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Heatherwick=Thomas Heatherwick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francis_Conroy_Sullivan=Francis Conroy Sullivan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maxwell_Bates=Maxwell Bates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Donagh_Maginnis=Charles Donagh Maginnis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Paget_Wade=Charles Paget Wade
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francis_Rattenbury=Francis Rattenbury
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Pitt_(architect)=William Pitt (architect)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Seaton_Scott=Thomas Seaton Scott
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_McKay=Thomas McKay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albert_Richardson=Albert Richardson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bruce_Goff=Bruce Goff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ricardo_Legorreta=Ricardo Legorreta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albert_Frey_(architect)=Albert Frey (architect)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ken_Shuttleworth_(architect)=Ken Shuttleworth (architect)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Fuller_(architect)=Thomas Fuller (architect)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Smirke_(architect)=Robert Smirke (architect)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Erich_Mendelsohn=Erich Mendelsohn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Robert_Cockerell=Charles Robert Cockerell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Gibbs=James Gibbs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gunnar_Asplund=Gunnar Asplund
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eberhard_Zeidler=Eberhard Zeidler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samuel_Pepys_Cockerell=Samuel Pepys Cockerell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bernard_Rudofsky=Bernard Rudofsky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A._Quincy_Jones=A. Quincy Jones
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laurie_Baker=Laurie Baker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Herbert_Baker=Herbert Baker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Burn=William Burn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_C._Parkin=John C. Parkin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/J._W._Eddy=J. W. Eddy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antoine_Predock=Antoine Predock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Gamble_Rogers=James Gamble Rogers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jan_Gehl=Jan Gehl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/W._H._Weeks=W. H. Weeks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_W._Lamb=Thomas W. Lamb
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Owen_Jones_(architect)=Owen Jones (architect)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Holland_(architect)=Henry Holland (architect)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eric_Arthur=Eric Arthur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Romaldo_Giurgola=Romaldo Giurgola
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Lautner=John Lautner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Willem_Marinus_Dudok=Willem Marinus Dudok
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Adam_(architect)=William Adam (architect)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hugh_Edgar=Hugh Edgar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Rudolph_(architect)=Paul Rudolph (architect)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Wood,_the_Elder=John Wood, the Elder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raymond_Moriyama=Raymond Moriyama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_Turner=Tom Turner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rees_Jones=Rees Jones
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hossein_Amanat=Hossein Amanat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shigeru_Ban=Shigeru Ban
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Frederick_Dawson=James Frederick Dawson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guy_Lowell=Guy Lowell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nathan_Kelley=Nathan Kelley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Irwin=Henry Irwin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Graham_Jackson=Thomas Graham Jackson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hidalgo_Moya=Hidalgo Moya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Hamilton_(architect)=David Hamilton (architect)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Middleton_(architect)=John Middleton (architect)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Edmund_Street=George Edmund Street
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glenn_Murcutt=Glenn Murcutt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Wormley=Edward Wormley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Craig_(architect)=James Craig (architect)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Adams_Delano=William Adams Delano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Wines=James Wines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Paine_(architect)=James Paine (architect)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Yenn=John Yenn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arthur_Asahel_Shurcliff=Arthur Asahel Shurcliff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Rippon_Duke=Robert Rippon Duke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steven_Holl=Steven Holl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ken_Yeang=Ken Yeang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Smythson=Robert Smythson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierre_Cuypers=Pierre Cuypers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antonin_Nechodoma=Antonin Nechodoma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hans_Poelzig=Hans Poelzig
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Walter_Chapman-Taylor=James Walter Chapman-Taylor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harry_Weese=Harry Weese
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harry_Weedon=Harry Weedon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_McDonough=William McDonough
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Polshek=James Polshek
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stephen_Hodder=Stephen Hodder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bill_Finch_(architect)=Bill Finch (architect)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joe_Amisano=Joe Amisano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_Jackson_Davis=Alexander Jackson Davis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joe_Mashburn=Joe Mashburn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Burdette_Keeland=Burdette Keeland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raphael_Soriano=Raphael Soriano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arthur_Cotton_Moore=Arthur Cotton Moore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Basil_Champneys=Basil Champneys
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Chipperfield=David Chipperfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frederic_Joseph_DeLongchamps=Frederic Joseph DeLongchamps
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_S._Hagmann=John S. Hagmann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ernest_Flagg=Ernest Flagg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Placido_Columbani=Placido Columbani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gene_Leedy=Gene Leedy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexey_Shchusev=Alexey Shchusev
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfred_Dundas_Taylor=Alfred Dundas Taylor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fumihiko_Maki=Fumihiko Maki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rudolf_Wolters=Rudolf Wolters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samuel_Sanders_Teulon=Samuel Sanders Teulon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Begg=John Begg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ludwig_Hilberseimer=Ludwig Hilberseimer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/B._V._Doshi=B. V. Doshi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sarah_P._Harkness=Sarah P. Harkness
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_B._Fletcher=Jean B. Fletcher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alan_Hantman=Alan Hantman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Gillespie_Graham=James Gillespie Graham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alireza_Sagharchi=Alireza Sagharchi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Buek=Charles Buek
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oswald_Mathias_Ungers=Oswald Mathias Ungers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_Parris=Alexander Parris
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arthur_Joseph_Davis=Arthur Joseph Davis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Asher_Benjamin=Asher Benjamin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacobus_Oud=Jacobus Oud
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Conde_McCullough=Conde McCullough
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Talman_(architect)=William Talman (architect)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Lukas_von_Hildebrandt=Johann Lukas von Hildebrandt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Juan_de_Herrera=Juan de Herrera
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eladio_Dieste=Eladio Dieste
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Archer=Thomas Archer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ronald_Thom=Ronald Thom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Carr_(architect)=John Carr (architect)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Archibald_Leitch=Archibald Leitch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edmund_Bacon_(architect)=Edmund Bacon (architect)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kaare_Klint=Kaare Klint
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierre_Jeanneret=Pierre Jeanneret
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Ewart=David Ewart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_S._McMillan_(architect)=Robert S. McMillan (architect)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Maria_Olbrich=Joseph Maria Olbrich
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Seifert=Richard Seifert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nathaniel_Jeremiah_Bradlee=Nathaniel Jeremiah Bradlee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Josep_Maria_Jujol=Josep Maria Jujol
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Cowles-Voysey=Charles Cowles-Voysey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Imre_Makovecz=Imre Makovecz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hans_Hollein=Hans Hollein
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Hemingway=Peter Hemingway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baron_Karl_von_Hasenauer=Baron Karl von Hasenauer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Cary_Long,_Jr.=Robert Cary Long, Jr.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kirtland_Cutter=Kirtland Cutter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ian_McHarg=Ian McHarg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hadi_Mirmiran=Hadi Mirmiran
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hooshang_Seyhoun=Hooshang Seyhoun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adolf_Cluss=Adolf Cluss
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Farshid_Moussavi=Farshid Moussavi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Burges=William Burges
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfred_B._Mullett=Alfred B. Mullett
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isaiah_Rogers=Isaiah Rogers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edmund_Burke_(architect)=Edmund Burke (architect)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Henry_Chamberlain=John Henry Chamberlain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/B._Marcus_Priteca=B. Marcus Priteca
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francis_Fowke=Francis Fowke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Voysey_(architect)=Charles Voysey (architect)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_A._Pearson=John A. Pearson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Sproatt=Henry Sproatt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frank_Darling_(architect)=Frank Darling (architect)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_B._Parkin=John B. Parkin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edmond_T._Parkin=Edmond T. Parkin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Albert_Ewart=John Albert Ewart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_A._Waite=Richard A. Waite
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Bowyer_Lane=Henry Bowyer Lane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_M._Lyle=John M. Lyle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vasili_Bazhenov=Vasili Bazhenov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Konstantin_Melnikov=Konstantin Melnikov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Hubbard_Sturgis=John Hubbard Sturgis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silvanus_Trevail=Silvanus Trevail
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christian_Frederik_Hansen=Christian Frederik Hansen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dominique_Perrault=Dominique Perrault
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Schlacks=Henry Schlacks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lauritz_de_Thurah=Lauritz de Thurah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arthur_H._Vinal=Arthur H. Vinal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Christian_Lillie=Joseph Christian Lillie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Tattersall=George Tattersall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Veldon_Simpson=Veldon Simpson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roger_Pratt_(architect)=Roger Pratt (architect)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Piers_St_Aubyn=James Piers St Aubyn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/G._Ernest_Fairweather=G. Ernest Fairweather
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Findlay=Robert Findlay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Archibald_Simpson=Archibald Simpson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laurie_Olin=Laurie Olin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Fellowes_Prynne=George Fellowes Prynne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Bonython_Moffatt=William Bonython Moffatt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carlo_Rossi_(architect)=Carlo Rossi (architect)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dmitry_Ukhtomsky=Dmitry Ukhtomsky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christian_de_Portzamparc=Christian de Portzamparc
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Cameron_(architect)=Charles Cameron (architect)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/D'Arcy_Boulton_(Ontario_politician)=D'Arcy Boulton (Ontario politician)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stiles_O._Clements=Stiles O. Clements
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Darius_Moon=Darius Moon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/F._Burrall_Hoffman=F. Burrall Hoffman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hack_Kampmann=Hack Kampmann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Gwathmey=Charles Gwathmey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Smith_Murdoch=John Smith Murdoch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Harold_Lee=William Harold Lee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dan_Hanganu=Dan Hanganu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Geoffrey_Jellicoe=Geoffrey Jellicoe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Cartwright_(architect)=Thomas Cartwright (architect)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cuthbert_Brodrick=Cuthbert Brodrick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raymond_M._Kennedy=Raymond M. Kennedy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frederick_Law_Olmsted,_Jr.=Frederick Law Olmsted, Jr.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chester_Holmes_Aldrich=Chester Holmes Aldrich
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Ingo_Freed=James Ingo Freed
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Serge_Chermayeff=Serge Chermayeff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Alexander_Tefft=Thomas Alexander Tefft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfred_Dwight_Foster_Hamlin=Alfred Dwight Foster Hamlin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Holden_(landscape_architect)=Robert Holden (landscape architect)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Enrique_Norten=Enrique Norten
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_S._Tait=Thomas S. Tait
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brian_Clouston=Brian Clouston
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_W._Fuller=Thomas W. Fuller
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis_Delacenserie=Louis Delacenserie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Kininmonth_(architect)=William Kininmonth (architect)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roger_Duffy=Roger Duffy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Lethaby=William Lethaby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Galen_Howard=John Galen Howard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Max_Cetto=Max Cetto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Mackay_(architect)=David Mackay (architect)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pyotr_Baranovsky=Pyotr Baranovsky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_W._Boyington=William W. Boyington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Dunbar-Nasmith=James Dunbar-Nasmith
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Luckman=Charles Luckman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kazuyo_Sejima=Kazuyo Sejima
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_St._Bodfan_Gruffydd=John St. Bodfan Gruffydd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ellis_F._Lawrence=Ellis F. Lawrence
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Swerdlow=Michael Swerdlow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Reamer=Robert Reamer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anne_Tyng=Anne Tyng
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_and_Donald_Parkinson=John and Donald Parkinson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wayne_McAllister=Wayne McAllister
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aleksandar_Deroko=Aleksandar Deroko
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Julie_Wimmer=Julie Wimmer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Adjaye=David Adjaye
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Vason_Jones=Edward Vason Jones
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Poelaert=Joseph Poelaert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sumner_Hunt=Sumner Hunt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roger_Tomlinson=Roger Tomlinson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack_Diamond_(architect)=Jack Diamond (architect)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gideon_Shryock=Gideon Shryock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Garner=Thomas Garner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philip_Jackson_(surveyor)=Philip Jackson (surveyor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Lanyon=Charles Lanyon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Donald_McMorran=Donald McMorran
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frank_Baines=Frank Baines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ben_Weese=Ben Weese
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Oberlander=Peter Oberlander
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Takamasa_Yoshizaka=Takamasa Yoshizaka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antonio_Palacios=Antonio Palacios
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Allison_Arieff=Allison Arieff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rod_Robbie=Rod Robbie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Chitham=Robert Chitham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Oatley=George Oatley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charlotte_Perriand=Charlotte Perriand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louise_Blanchard_Bethune=Louise Blanchard Bethune
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kivas_Tully=Kivas Tully
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Donthorne=William Donthorne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Allom=Thomas Allom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Cullinan=Edward Cullinan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicholas_J._Clayton=Nicholas J. Clayton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Max_Fabiani=Max Fabiani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_Vesnin=Alexander Vesnin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roger_Walters=Roger Walters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rexford_Newcomb=Rexford Newcomb
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harry_Redfern=Harry Redfern
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frederick_Staples_Benedict=Frederick Staples Benedict
http://dbpedia.org/resource/J._T._W._Jennings=J. T. W. Jennings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Victor_Steinbrueck=Victor Steinbrueck
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Sutherland_Maxwell=William Sutherland Maxwell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfred_Preis=Alfred Preis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paulo_Mendes_da_Rocha=Paulo Mendes da Rocha
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Murphy_(architect)=Henry Murphy (architect)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Juhani_Pallasmaa=Juhani Pallasmaa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clifford_C._Wendehack=Clifford C. Wendehack
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A._W._Tillinghast=A. W. Tillinghast
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Solon_Spencer_Beman=Solon Spencer Beman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miller_Hull=Miller Hull
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Clark_(architect)=Edward Clark (architect)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Ewart_(architect)=John Ewart (architect)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guy_Dawber=Guy Dawber
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Tod=George Tod
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henning_Larsen=Henning Larsen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lewis_Teague_(painter)=Lewis Teague (painter)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Francis_Deegan=William Francis Deegan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Taylor_(architect)=John Taylor (architect)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adrian_Smith_(architect)=Adrian Smith (architect)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ben_Hamilton-Baillie=Ben Hamilton-Baillie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_S._Norris=John S. Norris
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martin_&_Chamberlain=Martin & Chamberlain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Blackburn=William Blackburn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Warren_Sears=Thomas Warren Sears
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eugen_Kaufmann=Eugen Kaufmann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Harrison_(architect)=Peter Harrison (architect)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/J._J._Stevenson=J. J. Stevenson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eden_Smith=Eden Smith
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spencer_de_Grey=Spencer de Grey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Foster_(architect)=Richard Foster (architect)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bing_Thom=Bing Thom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Otto_Bartning=Otto Bartning
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_Tamanian=Alexander Tamanian
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aarno_Ruusuvuori=Aarno Ruusuvuori
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amanda_Levete=Amanda Levete
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A._J._Humbert=A. J. Humbert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ernest_Gimson=Ernest Gimson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Calvin_Stevens=John Calvin Stevens
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrey_Damyanov=Andrey Damyanov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giorgio_Grassi=Giorgio Grassi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colin_St_John_Wilson=Colin St John Wilson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raimund_Abraham=Raimund Abraham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arthur_U._Gerber=Arthur U. Gerber
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Horace_Trumbauer=Horace Trumbauer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Burnet_(architect)=John Burnet (architect)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_James_Burnet=John James Burnet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hugh_Stubbins=Hugh Stubbins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mathias_Shryock=Mathias Shryock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leandro_Locsin=Leandro Locsin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/P._B._Chatwin=P. B. Chatwin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Al_Beadle=Al Beadle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Buckland_(architect)=William Buckland (architect)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jakub_Kubicki=Jakub Kubicki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Penfold=John Penfold
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Smith_(architect)=Robert Smith (architect)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Evans_Hughes_III=Charles Evans Hughes III
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cameron_Sinclair=Cameron Sinclair
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joshua_Prince-Ramus=Joshua Prince-Ramus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gilbert_Blount=Gilbert Blount
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Hardy_Wilson=William Hardy Wilson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abdel-Wahed_El-Wakil=Abdel-Wahed El-Wakil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Josef_Franke=Josef Franke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Wilford=Michael Wilford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Sorkin=Michael Sorkin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Duesbury=Henry Duesbury
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seymour_Harris_Partnership=Seymour Harris Partnership
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Wightwick=George Wightwick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Douglas_Ellington=Douglas Ellington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ammi_B._Young=Ammi B. Young
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mario_J._Ciampi=Mario J. Ciampi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daniel_Robertson_(architect)=Daniel Robertson (architect)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pedro_Castellanos=Pedro Castellanos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dmitri_Bruns=Dmitri Bruns
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Busby=Charles Busby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carlyle_Greenwell=Carlyle Greenwell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uno_Ullberg=Uno Ullberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_H._Duncan=John H. Duncan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Drago_Ibler=Drago Ibler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norman_Jewson=Norman Jewson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeanne_Gang=Jeanne Gang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moisei_Ginzburg=Moisei Ginzburg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ewan_Christian=Ewan Christian
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joel_Barber=Joel Barber
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amyas_Connell=Amyas Connell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Viktor_Aleksandrovich_Vesnin=Viktor Aleksandrovich Vesnin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Willard_M._Mitchell=Willard M. Mitchell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alex_Popov_(architect)=Alex Popov (architect)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bill_N._Lacy=Bill N. Lacy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ilya_Golosov=Ilya Golosov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nikolai_Ladovsky=Nikolai Ladovsky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/R._Harold_Zook=R. Harold Zook
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_Wittek=Alexander Wittek
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ivan_Zholtovsky=Ivan Zholtovsky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_Pomerantsev=Alexander Pomerantsev
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samuel_Sloan_(architect)=Samuel Sloan (architect)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfred_Caldwell=Alfred Caldwell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Florence_Mary_Taylor=Florence Mary Taylor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marjory_Allen,_Lady_Allen_of_Hurtwood=Marjory Allen, Lady Allen of Hurtwood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shadrach_Woods=Shadrach Woods
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walter_J._Mathews=Walter J. Mathews
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jerry_Slack=Jerry Slack
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Claude_Ferrier=Claude Ferrier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walter_Sykes_George=Walter Sykes George
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_John_Klutho=Henry John Klutho
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frederick_Preston_Rubidge=Frederick Preston Rubidge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Mead_Howells=John Mead Howells
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_George_Knight=John George Knight
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Simpson_(architect)=John Simpson (architect)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Campbell_Merrett=John Campbell Merrett
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frank_Shaver_Allen=Frank Shaver Allen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Bruce_(architect)=William Bruce (architect)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harry_Norris=Harry Norris
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adrian_Gilbert_Scott=Adrian Gilbert Scott
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Rowe=Thomas Rowe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilson_Eyre=Wilson Eyre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harwell_Hamilton_Harris=Harwell Hamilton Harris
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jan_de_Witte=Jan de Witte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Lynn_(architect)=David Lynn (architect)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Gallier=James Gallier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Holford,_Baron_Holford=William Holford, Baron Holford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vico_Magistretti=Vico Magistretti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colin_Madigan=Colin Madigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Leslie_Findlay=James Leslie Findlay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harold_H._Fisher=Harold H. Fisher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Meschino=Paul Meschino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eric_Lyons=Eric Lyons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Osborn_Engineering=Osborn Engineering
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfred_Bettman=Alfred Bettman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eleanor_Raymond=Eleanor Raymond
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacek_Krenz=Jacek Krenz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Emanuel_Fischer_von_Erlach=Joseph Emanuel Fischer von Erlach
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nils_Slaatto=Nils Slaatto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Dyer_(architect)=Charles Dyer (architect)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Underwood=Charles Underwood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Allen_Underwood=George Allen Underwood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kengo_Kuma=Kengo Kuma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Underwood_(architect)=Henry Underwood (architect)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Forbes_(architect)=John Forbes (architect)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Palmer_(Bath_architect)=John Palmer (Bath architect)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Palmer_(architect)=John Palmer (architect)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mark_Jarzombek=Mark Jarzombek
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arthur_Hills=Arthur Hills
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ninian_Comper=Ninian Comper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stephen_Irwin_(architect)=Stephen Irwin (architect)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lewis_Hornblower=Lewis Hornblower
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Claude_Baillif=Claude Baillif
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kenton_Couse=Kenton Couse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peder_Vilhelm_Jensen-Klint=Peder Vilhelm Jensen-Klint
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Harcourt_Masters=Charles Harcourt Masters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theodore_Link=Theodore Link
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alan_McCullough_(architect)=Alan McCullough (architect)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norma_Merrick_Sklarek=Norma Merrick Sklarek
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Plowman=John Plowman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patricio_Pouchulu=Patricio Pouchulu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Herbert_Collins=Herbert Collins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Gwilt=George Gwilt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vincenzo_Brenna=Vincenzo Brenna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Shackleton_Pope=Richard Shackleton Pope
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Paty=William Paty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Paty=Thomas Paty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Bridges_(architect)=James Bridges (architect)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brad_Cloepfil=Brad Cloepfil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trdat_the_Architect=Trdat the Architect
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walter_W._Ahlschlager=Walter W. Ahlschlager
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis_Sauer=Louis Sauer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leila_Ross_Wilburn=Leila Ross Wilburn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_Buchanan_Campbell=Alexander Buchanan Campbell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Charles_Hussey=Richard Charles Hussey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gavriil_Baranovsky=Gavriil Baranovsky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benjamin_Polk=Benjamin Polk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alberto_Campo_Baeza=Alberto Campo Baeza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gregori_Warchavchik=Gregori Warchavchik
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Affonso_Eduardo_Reidy=Affonso Eduardo Reidy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lester_S._Moore=Lester S. Moore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vojteh_Ravnikar=Vojteh Ravnikar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rosario_Candela=Rosario Candela
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Twigg_Brown_Architects=Twigg Brown Architects
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Sheppard_(architect)=Richard Sheppard (architect)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alwyn_Sheppard_Fidler=Alwyn Sheppard Fidler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Ostell=John Ostell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Belcher_(architect)=John Belcher (architect)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Arnold_(architect)=William Arnold (architect)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Austin_(architect)=Henry Austin (architect)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_W._Maher=George W. Maher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Detmar_Blow=Detmar Blow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arturo_Soria_y_Mata=Arturo Soria y Mata
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lyman_Paine=Lyman Paine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benjamin_Ferrey=Benjamin Ferrey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_K._Holsman=Henry K. Holsman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kirk_Hyslop=Kirk Hyslop
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matvey_Kazakov=Matvey Kazakov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Rollinson_Lamb=Charles Rollinson Lamb
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Domenico_Gilardi=Domenico Gilardi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gregory_Henriquez=Gregory Henriquez
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stephen_Geary=Stephen Geary
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_Graffunder=Carl Graffunder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Booth_(architect)=John Booth (architect)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arthur_Rotch=Arthur Rotch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexey_Dushkin=Alexey Dushkin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clorindo_Testa=Clorindo Testa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Henry_Wyatt=Thomas Henry Wyatt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Grimm_(architect)=David Grimm (architect)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nader_Khalili=Nader Khalili
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abraham_M._Radcliffe=Abraham M. Radcliffe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ivan_Fomin=Ivan Fomin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Willard_T._Sears=Willard T. Sears
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Irwin_Chanin=Irwin Chanin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MacGibbon_and_Ross=MacGibbon and Ross
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Tournon=Paul Tournon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Alington_(architect)=William Alington (architect)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Hill_(master_mason)=James Hill (master mason)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_A._Gunn=Charles A. Gunn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alastair_Lansley=Alastair Lansley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Foster_(architect)=James Foster (architect)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lewis_Wyatt=Lewis Wyatt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philip_Watts_(naval_architect)=Philip Watts (naval architect)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Grenfell-Baines=George Grenfell-Baines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Toomath=William Toomath
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Beard_(architect)=James Beard (architect)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Derek_Wilson=Derek Wilson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edmund_Anscombe=Edmund Anscombe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sir_Charles_Nicholson,_2nd_Baronet=Sir Charles Nicholson, 2nd Baronet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Miller_(architect)=James Miller (architect)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Francis_Hansom=Charles Francis Hansom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Douglas_Orr=Douglas Orr
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Timothy_L._Pflueger=Timothy L. Pflueger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philip_Wyatt=Philip Wyatt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_Zelenko=Alexander Zelenko
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Balfour_(architect)=James Balfour (architect)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fyodor_Gornostayev=Fyodor Gornostayev
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aleksey_Gornostayev=Aleksey Gornostayev
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bath_City_Architect=Bath City Architect
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bath_City_Surveyor=Bath City Surveyor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wyatt_family=Wyatt family
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fyodor_Schechtel=Fyodor Schechtel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_MacLellan_Brown=James MacLellan Brown
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yevgraph_Tyurin=Yevgraph Tyurin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_T._Frankl=Paul T. Frankl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christopher_Charles_Benninger=Christopher Charles Benninger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colin_Fournier=Colin Fournier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Murray_(architect)=James Murray (architect)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Wallace_(mason)=William Wallace (mason)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Muzharul_Islam=Muzharul Islam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Afanasy_Grigoriev=Afanasy Grigoriev
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ben_van_Berkel=Ben van Berkel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alejandro_Zaera-Polo=Alejandro Zaera-Polo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frank_Chouteau_Brown=Frank Chouteau Brown
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alphonse_Balat=Alphonse Balat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Walcot=William Walcot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Myron_Hunt=Myron Hunt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lev_Kekushev=Lev Kekushev
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nikola_Hajdin=Nikola Hajdin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Reardon_(architect)=Michael Reardon (architect)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sidney_Greenslade=Sidney Greenslade
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roman_Klein=Roman Klein
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vyacheslav_Oltarzhevsky=Vyacheslav Oltarzhevsky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/J._D._Sedding=J. D. Sedding
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ivan_Mashkov=Ivan Mashkov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Tryon_(architect)=Thomas Tryon (architect)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_M._Sugarman=Henry M. Sugarman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_W._Romeyn=Charles W. Romeyn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_A._Rich=Charles A. Rich
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frederick_Mathesius=Frederick Mathesius
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Blum=George Blum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clarence_True=Clarence True
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nikita_Lazarev=Nikita Lazarev
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Franz_Heinrich_Schwechten=Franz Heinrich Schwechten
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrew_Geller=Andrew Geller
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Birrell=James Birrell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fred_Anhalt=Fred Anhalt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karen_Bausman=Karen Bausman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stephen_Child=Stephen Child
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kunio_Maekawa=Kunio Maekawa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dan_Rockhill=Dan Rockhill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chilion_Jones=Chilion Jones
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Gabellini=Michael Gabellini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Goldie_(architect)=George Goldie (architect)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Herbert_M._Greene=Herbert M. Greene
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ilya_Bondarenko=Ilya Bondarenko
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walter_Brierley=Walter Brierley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Penson=Thomas Penson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cleveland_and_Copeland=Cleveland and Copeland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Illarion_Ivanov-Schitz=Illarion Ivanov-Schitz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anant_Raje=Anant Raje
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Bage=Charles Bage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Samwell_(architect)=William Samwell (architect)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Josef_Hoffmann=Josef Hoffmann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Landis_Gores=Landis Gores
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Corrigan=Peter Corrigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_F._Staub=John F. Staub
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Herman_Hertzberger=Herman Hertzberger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Furneaux_Jordan=Robert Furneaux Jordan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miguel_Rosales=Miguel Rosales
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hafeez_Contractor=Hafeez Contractor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mario_Palanti=Mario Palanti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_H._White=William H. White
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bruno_Freschi=Bruno Freschi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Klumb=Henry Klumb
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Venn_Gough=William Venn Gough
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giorgio_Cavaglieri=Giorgio Cavaglieri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hisham_N._Ashkouri=Hisham N. Ashkouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Bruce_Gingell=William Bruce Gingell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carlos_A._Santos-Viola=Carlos A. Santos-Viola
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacques_Benedict=Jacques Benedict
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francis_R._Heakes=Francis R. Heakes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_S._Van_Bergen=John S. Van Bergen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Molitor=Joseph Molitor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Milton_L._Grigg=Milton L. Grigg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Hoadley_(architect)=David Hoadley (architect)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/R._H._Hunt=R. H. Hunt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adam_Tihany=Adam Tihany
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eugene_Tsui=Eugene Tsui
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_J._Brinkmann=William J. Brinkmann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Black_Lee=John Black Lee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walter_Godfrey=Walter Godfrey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alan_Goldberg_(architect)=Alan Goldberg (architect)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eric_Lloyd_Wright=Eric Lloyd Wright
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Natusch=Charles Natusch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eben_Ezra_Roberts=Eben Ezra Roberts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean-Michel_Chevotet=Jean-Michel Chevotet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_McGill_(architect)=Alexander McGill (architect)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_M._Robinson=Charles M. Robinson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antonin_Raymond=Antonin Raymond
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jonas_Coersmeier=Jonas Coersmeier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Herman_O._Ruhnau=Herman O. Ruhnau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_J._Caulfield=Thomas J. Caulfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_Kaminsky=Alexander Kaminsky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ray_Chi=Ray Chi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adolf_Krischanitz=Adolf Krischanitz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfred_Hoare_Powell=Alfred Hoare Powell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boyd_Georgi=Boyd Georgi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ivan_Sergeyevich_Kuznetsov=Ivan Sergeyevich Kuznetsov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oskar_Marmorek=Oskar Marmorek
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hendrik_Beyaert=Hendrik Beyaert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Frederick_Robinson=Peter Frederick Robinson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tumas_Dingli=Tumas Dingli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harry_Hake=Harry Hake
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean-Pierre_Cluysenaar=Jean-Pierre Cluysenaar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis_Roelandt=Louis Roelandt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Howard_Lapham=Howard Lapham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rogier_van_der_Heide=Rogier van der Heide
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean-Baptiste_Bethune=Jean-Baptiste Bethune
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dimitris_Pikionis=Dimitris Pikionis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrea_Branzi=Andrea Branzi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Carl_Warnecke=John Carl Warnecke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philips_Vingboons=Philips Vingboons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Margaret_Helfand=Margaret Helfand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Mallet-Stevens=Robert Mallet-Stevens
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eduardo_Souto_de_Moura=Eduardo Souto de Moura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uno_Prii=Uno Prii
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_F._Lamb=William F. Lamb
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Somers_Clarke=Somers Clarke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_J._Bain=William J. Bain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adolph_Strauch=Adolph Strauch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stanley_H._Klein=Stanley H. Klein
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roger_Walker_(architect)=Roger Walker (architect)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Wilkinson_(architect)=George Wilkinson (architect)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Enock_Hill_Turnock=Enock Hill Turnock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Yeon=John Yeon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Babcock=Charles Babcock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abdur_Rahman_Hye=Abdur Rahman Hye
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Minard_Lafever=Minard Lafever
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tecton_Group=Tecton Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ruy_Ohtake=Ruy Ohtake
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roger_Stephenson=Roger Stephenson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Whitney_Warren=Whitney Warren
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ustad_Ahmad_Lahauri=Ustad Ahmad Lahauri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Dennis_Chantrell=Robert Dennis Chantrell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Waters=Thomas Waters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Massimiliano_Fuksas=Massimiliano Fuksas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ray_Kappe=Ray Kappe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Josiah_Conder_(architect)=Josiah Conder (architect)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Storey=Joseph Storey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Townshend_Landscape_Architects=Townshend Landscape Architects
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ammar_Eloueini=Ammar Eloueini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Templeton_Johnson=William Templeton Johnson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rick_Joy=Rick Joy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_Kundig=Tom Kundig
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chris_Bosse=Chris Bosse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_Wright_(British_architect)=Tom Wright (British architect)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karl_Blank=Karl Blank
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Harrison_Cowlishaw=William Harrison Cowlishaw
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Margaret_Feilman=Margaret Feilman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joshua_Arthur_Rodrigues_Brandon=Joshua Arthur Rodrigues Brandon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Rudolph_Niernsee=John Rudolph Niernsee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Snowden_Andrews=Richard Snowden Andrews
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Ariss=John Ariss
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vladimir_Ossipoff=Vladimir Ossipoff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Price_(architect)=Henry Price (architect)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frank_Wills_(architect)=Frank Wills (architect)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_C._Dudley=Henry C. Dudley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Hutchinson=Henry Hutchinson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frederick_Corser=Frederick Corser
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philip_Hooker=Philip Hooker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albert_Schippel=Albert Schippel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Erez_Ella=Erez Ella
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chester_Hills=Chester Hills
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Sundeleaf=Richard Sundeleaf
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vladimir_Shchuko=Vladimir Shchuko
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ivan_Vurnik=Ivan Vurnik
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_Pfeiffer_(architect)=Carl Pfeiffer (architect)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marshall_Erdman=Marshall Erdman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Geoffrey_Bawa=Geoffrey Bawa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfred_P._Boller=Alfred P. Boller
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harry_Gesner=Harry Gesner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hilyard_Robinson=Hilyard Robinson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Welch=Edward Welch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_L._Coulter=William L. Coulter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chloethiel_Woodard_Smith=Chloethiel Woodard Smith
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hugh_Newell_Jacobsen=Hugh Newell Jacobsen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marshall_Purnell=Marshall Purnell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cleo_Baldon=Cleo Baldon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ion_Mincu=Ion Mincu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/S._George_Curry=S. George Curry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GMW_Architects=GMW Architects
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mihran_Mesrobian=Mihran Mesrobian
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_and_Ray_Eames=Charles and Ray Eames
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Archimedes_Russell=Archimedes Russell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sidney_Badgley=Sidney Badgley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Horatio_Nelson_White=Horatio Nelson White
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ward_Wellington_Ward=Ward Wellington Ward
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_R._Greco=Charles R. Greco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Henry_Poole=Thomas Henry Poole
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Fosbery_Lyster=George Fosbery Lyster
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Woodyer=Henry Woodyer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_A._Boring=William A. Boring
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angus_Primrose=Angus Primrose
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aelric=Aelric
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walker_O._Cain=Walker O. Cain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karol_Schayer=Karol Schayer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_A._Kay=John A. Kay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arturo_Vittori=Arturo Vittori
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andreas_Vogler=Andreas Vogler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stefan_Beese=Stefan Beese
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Vertue=William Vertue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Vertue=Robert Vertue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Craig_W._Hartman=Craig W. Hartman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Corson=George Corson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luigi_Poletti_(architect)=Luigi Poletti (architect)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Qingyun_Ma=Qingyun Ma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Rutgers_Marshall=Henry Rutgers Marshall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Engelbert=Henry Engelbert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Gallier,_Jr.=James Gallier, Jr.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ernest_Morgan=Ernest Morgan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ryue_Nishizawa=Ryue Nishizawa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Willey_Reveley=Willey Reveley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/S._Charles_Lee=S. Charles Lee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_M._Upjohn=Richard M. Upjohn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Freemanwhite=Freemanwhite
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Howe_(architect)=William Howe (architect)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karl_Fischer_(architect)=Karl Fischer (architect)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arthur_Wakerley=Arthur Wakerley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Randall_Stout=Randall Stout
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walter_Tapper=Walter Tapper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Youssef_Aftimus=Youssef Aftimus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edwin_Heathcote=Edwin Heathcote
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Merritt_Bucholz=Merritt Bucholz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clifton_Brady=Clifton Brady
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bebb_and_Gould=Bebb and Gould
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ernest_A._Davidson=Ernest A. Davidson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christopher_Crabb_Creeke=Christopher Crabb Creeke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Warren_H._Hayes=Warren H. Hayes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tatsuno_Kingo=Tatsuno Kingo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_A._Lankford=John A. Lankford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Brickell_White=Edward Brickell White
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Alexander_Levy=William Alexander Levy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wyatt_C._Hedrick=Wyatt C. Hedrick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Lewis_(architect)=Paul Lewis (architect)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gabriel_Manigault=Gabriel Manigault
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mary_Rockwell_Hook=Mary Rockwell Hook
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giorgio_Borruso=Giorgio Borruso
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Wallace_Anderson=William Wallace Anderson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean-Baptiste_Rondelet=Jean-Baptiste Rondelet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Dymond=George Dymond
http://dbpedia.org/resource/C._Edward_Vosbury=C. Edward Vosbury
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Crabtree_(architect)=William Crabtree (architect)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edvard_Ravnikar=Edvard Ravnikar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leopold_Rother=Leopold Rother
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Augustus_Edwards=William Augustus Edwards
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pablo_Antonio=Pablo Antonio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Curtis_W._Fentress=Curtis W. Fentress
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Witlam_Atkinson=Thomas Witlam Atkinson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Pratt_Huntington=Charles Pratt Huntington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Francis_Doyle=James Francis Doyle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rudolph_Weaver=Rudolph Weaver
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Scarano,_Jr.=Robert Scarano, Jr.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philip_Cox=Philip Cox
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Taliaferro=Richard Taliaferro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norman_Isham=Norman Isham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Munday=Richard Munday
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Draper_Faulkner=Charles Draper Faulkner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_C._Eschweiler=Alexander C. Eschweiler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Columbus_Hosford=Edward Columbus Hosford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frank_Rushmore_Watson=Frank Rushmore Watson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_James_Joass=John James Joass
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bjarke_Ingels=Bjarke Ingels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Satoru_Nishita=Satoru Nishita
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frederick_Roehrig=Frederick Roehrig
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_A._Frederick=George A. Frederick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Harris_(architect)=Thomas Harris (architect)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Henderson_(landscape_gardener)=William Henderson (landscape gardener)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cliff_May=Cliff May
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Whidden_&_Lewis=Whidden & Lewis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walter_Bunning=Walter Bunning
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baghdasar_Arzoumanian=Baghdasar Arzoumanian
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis_Skidmore=Louis Skidmore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_H._Nicklas=William H. Nicklas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arne_Quinze=Arne Quinze
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giovanni_Muzio=Giovanni Muzio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Temple_Lushington_Moore=Temple Lushington Moore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oscar_Nitzchke=Oscar Nitzchke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cochrane_and_Garnsey=Cochrane and Garnsey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Law_Weed=Robert Law Weed
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_van_'t_Hoff=Robert van 't Hoff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frances_Halsband=Frances Halsband
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samuel_Oboh=Samuel Oboh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stephen_Dykes_Bower=Stephen Dykes Bower
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Finn_Juhl=Finn Juhl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Duff=Thomas Duff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Lane_(architect)=Richard Lane (architect)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rob_Leslie-Carter=Rob Leslie-Carter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Igor_B._Polevitzky=Igor B. Polevitzky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Percival_Goodman=Percival Goodman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maurice_Durand=Maurice Durand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taylor_Hardwick=Taylor Hardwick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Florence_Casler=Florence Casler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Vorhoelzer=Robert Vorhoelzer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martin_E._Thompson=Martin E. Thompson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walter_Newall=Walter Newall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pugin_&_Pugin=Pugin & Pugin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caleb_Ormsbee=Caleb Ormsbee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Enrique_de_la_Mora=Enrique de la Mora
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frederick_Pepys_Cockerell=Frederick Pepys Cockerell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arthur_Froehlich=Arthur Froehlich
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Bolsius=Charles Bolsius
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jarvis_Hunt=Jarvis Hunt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Joseph_Hansom=Edward Joseph Hansom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luigi_Piccinato=Luigi Piccinato
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brown_and_Storey_Architects=Brown and Storey Architects
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_West_Neve=William West Neve
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_H._Rogers_(architect)=William H. Rogers (architect)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Lester_Wiener=Paul Lester Wiener
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Brodhead_Green=Edward Brodhead Green
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alan_Ford_(architect)=Alan Ford (architect)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pier_Paolo_Maggiora=Pier Paolo Maggiora
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nabil_Gholam=Nabil Gholam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Appleton_Wilson=John Appleton Wilson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_H._Bigelow=Charles H. Bigelow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dan_Meis=Dan Meis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/August_Geiger_(architect)=August Geiger (architect)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kevin_Kennon=Kevin Kennon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Reid_(architect)=Robert Reid (architect)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Claud_Phillimore,_4th_Baron_Phillimore=Claud Phillimore, 4th Baron Phillimore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_E._Schmidt=Richard E. Schmidt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ivan_Nikolaev=Ivan Nikolaev
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vladimir_Vladimirovich_Sherwood=Vladimir Vladimirovich Sherwood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Holmes_(architect)=Edward Holmes (architect)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Annie_Rockfellow=Annie Rockfellow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ivan_Rerberg=Ivan Rerberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albert_C._Martin,_Sr.=Albert C. Martin, Sr.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fyodor_Kon=Fyodor Kon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Bartholomew=Paul Bartholomew
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_C._Austin=John C. Austin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Franklin_Pierce_Burnham=Franklin Pierce Burnham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Henry_Howell=Charles Henry Howell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elmer_Grey=Elmer Grey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alex_Michaelis=Alex Michaelis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Allison_(architect)=Richard Allison (architect)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Souttar=James Souttar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfred_Rosenheim=Alfred Rosenheim
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Mocatta=David Mocatta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrew_Rebori=Andrew Rebori
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nathaniel_A._Owings=Nathaniel A. Owings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Ochsendorf=John Ochsendorf
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_Bernardazzi=Alexander Bernardazzi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Randal_McDonald=John Randal McDonald
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Gillette=Charles Gillette
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Addison_Hutton=Addison Hutton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Gailey=Richard Gailey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sidney_Eisenshtat=Sidney Eisenshtat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Webster_(architect)=George Webster (architect)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Percy_Worthington=Percy Worthington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Waldo_E._Sexton=Waldo E. Sexton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_George_Howard=John George Howard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stephan_Braunfels=Stephan Braunfels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Beresford_Inglis=William Beresford Inglis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jules_Henri_de_Sibour=Jules Henri de Sibour
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Lee_Stoddart=William Lee Stoddart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Hughes_(architect)=John Hughes (architect)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Edward_Mallows=Charles Edward Mallows
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Clutton=Henry Clutton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Talbot_Bury=Thomas Talbot Bury
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Halsey_Wood=William Halsey Wood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Rupert_Miller=James Rupert Miller
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ferdinand_Meldahl=Ferdinand Meldahl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adam_Menelaws=Adam Menelaws
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gautam_Bhatia=Gautam Bhatia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Howey=John Howey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raymond_Pitcairn=Raymond Pitcairn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miller_and_Pflueger=Miller and Pflueger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clarence_W._W._Mayhew=Clarence W. W. Mayhew
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_M._White=George M. White
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Brown_Lord=James Brown Lord
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Winy_Maas=Winy Maas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hazen_Sise=Hazen Sise
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kamen_Petkov=Kamen Petkov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Owsley=Charles Owsley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albert_Cameron=Albert Cameron
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Clewes=Peter Clewes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Teresa_Coady=Teresa Coady
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dabney_Cosby=Dabney Cosby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Archibald_Matthias_Dunn=Archibald Matthias Dunn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Sumner_Frost=Charles Sumner Frost
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lundgren_and_Maurer=Lundgren and Maurer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carlos_Ott=Carlos Ott
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Josef_Frank_(architect)=Josef Frank (architect)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Juan_Sordo_Madaleno=Juan Sordo Madaleno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harvey_Wiley_Corbett=Harvey Wiley Corbett
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harry_Wilkinson_Moore=Harry Wilkinson Moore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_M._Whidden=William M. Whidden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ion_Lewis=Ion Lewis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nikolay_Zherikhov=Nikolay Zherikhov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ron_Herron=Ron Herron
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sami_Angawi=Sami Angawi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Allan_Murray_Architects=Allan Murray Architects
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Budden=Henry Budden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fabio_Novembre=Fabio Novembre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Salomons=Edward Salomons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/T.J._Gottesdiener=T.J. Gottesdiener
http://dbpedia.org/resource/C._P._H._Gilbert=C. P. H. Gilbert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sheo_Dan_Mal=Sheo Dan Mal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Erick_van_Egeraat=Erick van Egeraat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wiel_Arets=Wiel Arets
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Gilbert_(architect)=Thomas Gilbert (architect)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bing_Thom_Architects=Bing Thom Architects
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giovanni_Michelucci=Giovanni Michelucci
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adamo_Boari=Adamo Boari
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fiske_Kimball=Fiske Kimball
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean-Michel_Wilmotte=Jean-Michel Wilmotte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ole_Falck_Ebbell=Ole Falck Ebbell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_George_Robertson_Mackenzie=Alexander George Robertson Mackenzie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Fish_(architect)=Michael Fish (architect)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Lippincott_Tilton=Edward Lippincott Tilton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ercole_Manfredi=Ercole Manfredi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frank_Caws=Frank Caws
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_W._Drum=James W. Drum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Skilling=John Skilling
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gerardo_Broissin=Gerardo Broissin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henri_Ciriani=Henri Ciriani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Bancroft_(architect)=John Bancroft (architect)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eduard_Mezger=Eduard Mezger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_E._Cassell=Charles E. Cassell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_D._Farquhar=Robert D. Farquhar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Byers_(architect)=John Byers (architect)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Crawford_Neilson=James Crawford Neilson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_F._Brauns=Henry F. Brauns
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Ambler=Thomas Ambler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meyer_&_Holler=Meyer & Holler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ernest_Coxhead=Ernest Coxhead
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marcus_F._Cummings=Marcus F. Cummings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harley_Swedler=Harley Swedler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arieh_Sharon=Arieh Sharon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frank_Freeman=Frank Freeman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eleanor_Manning_O'Connor=Eleanor Manning O'Connor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fred_Crowthers=Fred Crowthers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Edward_Paget=Paul Edward Paget
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michel_Rojkind=Michel Rojkind
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Hoey_Craigie=James Hoey Craigie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yona_Friedman=Yona Friedman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Foster_Shepley_(architect)=George Foster Shepley (architect)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Max_M._Sandfield=Max M. Sandfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vilhelm_Dahlerup=Vilhelm Dahlerup
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rifat_Chadirji=Rifat Chadirji
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alex_Cooper=Alex Cooper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dion_Neutra=Dion Neutra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Archibald_Elliot=Archibald Elliot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_E._Tourtellotte=John E. Tourtellotte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amon_Henry_Wilds=Amon Henry Wilds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amon_Wilds=Amon Wilds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alberto_Kalach=Alberto Kalach
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antonio_Attolini_Lack=Antonio Attolini Lack
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henri_Prost=Henri Prost
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frederick_Clarendon=Frederick Clarendon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georg_Moller=Georg Moller
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clara_de_Buen_Richkarday=Clara de Buen Richkarday
http://dbpedia.org/resource/J._Francisco_Serrano_Cacho=J. Francisco Serrano Cacho
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francisco_J._Serrano=Francisco J. Serrano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carlos_Mijares_Bracho=Carlos Mijares Bracho
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isaac_Broid_Zajman=Isaac Broid Zajman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stefano_Boeri=Stefano Boeri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Enrique_Carral_Icaza=Enrique Carral Icaza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nikolay_Lanceray=Nikolay Lanceray
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Cubitt=James Cubitt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis_Davis_(architect)=Louis Davis (architect)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clifford_Percy_Evans=Clifford Percy Evans
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ray_Hole_Architects=Ray Hole Architects
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lawrence_Scarpa=Lawrence Scarpa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Maynicke=Robert Maynicke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Normand_Smith_Patton=Normand Smith Patton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toma_T._Socolescu=Toma T. Socolescu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roland_Simounet=Roland Simounet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mifflin_E._Bell=Mifflin E. Bell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Chessell_Buckler=John Chessell Buckler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Hook_Tompkins=Charles Hook Tompkins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ross_Wimer=Ross Wimer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Donald_Schmitt=Donald Schmitt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Van_Brunt=Henry Van Brunt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arthur_E._Jones=Arthur E. Jones
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kay_Fisker=Kay Fisker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sandy_van_Ginkel=Sandy van Ginkel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Larry_Oltmanns=Larry Oltmanns
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frederick_S._Waller=Frederick S. Waller
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sydney_Vacher=Sydney Vacher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nari_Gandhi=Nari Gandhi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Jones_Underwood=Henry Jones Underwood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Duane_Lyman=Duane Lyman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_von_Ezdorf=Robert von Ezdorf
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_DeMaria=Peter DeMaria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Preston_J._Bradshaw=Preston J. Bradshaw
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rafael_Israelyan=Rafael Israelyan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ernest_Newton=Ernest Newton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_William_Mountford=Edward William Mountford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_W._Yost=Joseph W. Yost
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Strahan=John Strahan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samuel_J._F._Thayer=Samuel J. F. Thayer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Rossant=James Rossant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Omer_Arbel=Omer Arbel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Durrett=Charles Durrett
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walter_R._Stahel=Walter R. Stahel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Hill_(architect)=Henry Hill (architect)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harold_Tomlinson=Harold Tomlinson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilfred_Clement_Von_Berg=Wilfred Clement Von Berg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_George_Storm=William George Storm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A._F._Livesay=A. F. Livesay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emmanuel_Pontremoli=Emmanuel Pontremoli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_Maston=Carl Maston
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brian_MacKay-Lyons=Brian MacKay-Lyons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emil_Sodersten=Emil Sodersten
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emin_Halid_Onat=Emin Halid Onat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anton_Pilgram=Anton Pilgram
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Dahl=George Dahl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Miller_Huston=Joseph Miller Huston
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Younghusband=David Younghusband
http://dbpedia.org/resource/W.E._Noffke=W.E. Noffke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elmer_H._Fisher=Elmer H. Fisher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Austen_Harrison=Austen Harrison
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rolf_Disch=Rolf Disch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Chalfin=Paul Chalfin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phineas_Paist=Phineas Paist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Hueber=Joseph Hueber
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Josep_Acebillo=Josep Acebillo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/B._Stanley_Simmons=B. Stanley Simmons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Allason=Thomas Allason
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nikolay_Lvov=Nikolay Lvov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Qi_Kang_(architect)=Qi Kang (architect)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Griffith_Thomas=Griffith Thomas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ladislas_Segoe=Ladislas Segoe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Buckeridge=Charles Buckeridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clapton_Crabb_Rolfe=Clapton Crabb Rolfe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/F_&_G_Holme=F & G Holme
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_George_Bruton=Edward George Bruton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luigi_Moretti=Luigi Moretti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Pace_(Lechlade)=Richard Pace (Lechlade)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daniel_Harris_(Oxford)=Daniel Harris (Oxford)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harry_Drinkwater=Harry Drinkwater
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Clarke_(architect)=Joseph Clarke (architect)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edwin_Dolby=Edwin Dolby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Wilkinson_(architect)=William Wilkinson (architect)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfred_Mardon_Mowbray=Alfred Mardon Mowbray
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martin_Haller=Martin Haller
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Beazley=Charles Beazley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hugo_Licht=Hugo Licht
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Ramsey_(architect)=William Ramsey (architect)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Billing=John Billing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/J._Foster_Warner=J. Foster Warner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Seyfarth=Robert Seyfarth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/W._&_G._Audsley=W. & G. Audsley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Junzo_Sakakura=Junzo Sakakura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Ulrich_Hensel=Michael Ulrich Hensel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Byrd_(architect)=Robert Byrd (architect)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_Koch_(architect)=Carl Koch (architect)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ludger_Lemieux=Ludger Lemieux
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sam_Scorer=Sam Scorer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ma_Yansong=Ma Yansong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yung_Ho_Chang=Yung Ho Chang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hanno_Grossschmidt=Hanno Grossschmidt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Morris_(architect)=Joseph Morris (architect)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mark_Fisher_(architect)=Mark Fisher (architect)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Nichols_(architect)=William Nichols (architect)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_O'Donnell_(architect)=James O'Donnell (architect)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_West_Hugall=John West Hugall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Rose_(architect)=Peter Rose (architect)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_Brodsky=Alexander Brodsky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kris_Yao=Kris Yao
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_T._Heery=George T. Heery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Markus_Breitschmid=Markus Breitschmid
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Victor_Djorbenadze=Victor Djorbenadze
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Bohlin=Peter Bohlin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_T._Lyle=John T. Lyle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ambrose_J._Russell=Ambrose J. Russell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_McAslan=John McAslan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frederick_Heath_(architect)=Frederick Heath (architect)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Turnbull,_Jr.=William Turnbull, Jr.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Porter_Clark=John Porter Clark
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hans_van_Steenwinckel_the_Younger=Hans van Steenwinckel the Younger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Mapilton=Thomas Mapilton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lee_Arden_Thomas=Lee Arden Thomas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Armas_Lindgren=Armas Lindgren
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emilio_Villanueva=Emilio Villanueva
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gustav_Maass_(architect)=Gustav Maass (architect)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Steelman=Paul Steelman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Makoto_Sei_Watanabe=Makoto Sei Watanabe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/H._Neill_Wilson=H. Neill Wilson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lorimer_Rich=Lorimer Rich
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raymond_Affleck=Raymond Affleck
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Solomon_Andrew_Layton=Solomon Andrew Layton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis_Curtiss=Louis Curtiss
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eric_McMillan=Eric McMillan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Bigelow_Rogers=George Bigelow Rogers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isaac_E._Ditmars=Isaac E. Ditmars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_G._Steinmetz=William G. Steinmetz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mimar_Kemaleddin_Bey=Mimar Kemaleddin Bey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marion_Manley=Marion Manley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_J._Efstathiou=George J. Efstathiou
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Naum_Torbov=Naum Torbov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_W._Pirrson=James W. Pirrson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/J.W._Priest=J.W. Priest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Franz_Reznicek=Franz Reznicek
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Lennox_Watson=George Lennox Watson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hans-Georg_Tersling=Hans-Georg Tersling
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Anschutz=Joseph Anschutz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Bacon_(architect)=James Bacon (architect)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johan_Daniel_Herholdt=Johan Daniel Herholdt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norton_&_Wallis=Norton & Wallis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack_Travis=Jack Travis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samuel_Tilden_Norton=Samuel Tilden Norton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_W._McLaughlin=James W. McLaughlin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christian_Hansen_(architect)=Christian Hansen (architect)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pilcher_and_Tachau=Pilcher and Tachau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albert_C._Martin,_Jr.=Albert C. Martin, Jr.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Erastus_Colton=Charles Erastus Colton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frederick_Charles_Merry=Frederick Charles Merry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Babb,_Cook_and_Willard=Babb, Cook and Willard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/J._Frederick_Kelly=J. Frederick Kelly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Valentine_Gunasekara=Valentine Gunasekara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_W._Northrop=Joseph W. Northrop
http://dbpedia.org/resource/C._S._McNally=C. S. McNally
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Morris_H._Whitehouse=Morris H. Whitehouse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Skipper=George Skipper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_W._Gibson=Robert W. Gibson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gustav_Friedrich_Hetsch=Gustav Friedrich Hetsch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frank_Williams_(architect)=Frank Williams (architect)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Trubshaw=Charles Trubshaw
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Woodward_(architect)=Robert Woodward (architect)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_Nouvel=Jean Nouvel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christine_Conix=Christine Conix
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Victor_Vechersky=Victor Vechersky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Strutt=James Strutt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Sellars=James Sellars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Hardwick,_Sr.=Thomas Hardwick, Sr.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Tutin_Thomas=William Tutin Thomas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benjamin_Bucknall=Benjamin Bucknall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Otto_Eisler=Otto Eisler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cecil_Alexander=Cecil Alexander
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giuli_Gegelia=Giuli Gegelia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Max_Sainsaulieu=Max Sainsaulieu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anthony_J._Lumsden=Anthony J. Lumsden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Silloway=Thomas Silloway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frederick_Romberg=Frederick Romberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Johnson_(architect)=Richard Johnson (architect)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Franjo_Klein=Franjo Klein
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stephen_C._Earle=Stephen C. Earle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Noonan_(architect)=Edward Noonan (architect)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Ermisch=Richard Ermisch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Claudio_Vekstein=Claudio Vekstein
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_S._Devrouax=Paul S. Devrouax
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Juraj_Neidhardt=Juraj Neidhardt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Noi_Trotsky=Noi Trotsky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Woodruff_Leeming=Woodruff Leeming
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DeWitt_H._Fessenden=DeWitt H. Fessenden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Lister_Sutcliffe=George Lister Sutcliffe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Johnson_(architect)=Thomas Johnson (architect)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Stanislaus_Hansom=Joseph Stanislaus Hansom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leoni_W._Robinson=Leoni W. Robinson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stratton_Hammon=Stratton Hammon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Himanshu_Parikh=Himanshu Parikh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raj_Rewal=Raj Rewal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vernon_DeMars=Vernon DeMars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Haverland=Michael Haverland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xavier_Vilalta=Xavier Vilalta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pietro_Porcinai=Pietro Porcinai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arthur_Bates_Jennings=Arthur Bates Jennings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anton_Rosen=Anton Rosen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rasem_Badran=Rasem Badran
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toma_Barbu_Socolescu=Toma Barbu Socolescu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samuel_Burleigh_Gabriel=Samuel Burleigh Gabriel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Ponting=Charles Ponting
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Warren_R._Briggs=Warren R. Briggs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jackson_C._Gott=Jackson C. Gott
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Stark_Wilkinson=Robert Stark Wilkinson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walter_William_LaChance=Walter William LaChance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_O._Merrill=John O. Merrill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Hay_(architect)=William Hay (architect)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Langley_(architect)=Henry Langley (architect)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francisco_Antonio_de_Guerrero_y_Torres=Francisco Antonio de Guerrero y Torres
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francis_Octavius_Bedford=Francis Octavius Bedford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ehrick_K._Rossiter=Ehrick K. Rossiter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Brandon_(architect)=David Brandon (architect)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Stone_(architect)=Robert Stone (architect)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Stirling_(architect)=David Stirling (architect)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Doran_Webb=Edward Doran Webb
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Bertram_Carter=George Bertram Carter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cecil_Masey=Cecil Masey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ludvig_Fenger=Ludvig Fenger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Webster_(architect)=David Webster (architect)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samuel_Maclure=Samuel Maclure
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vilhelm_Wohlert=Vilhelm Wohlert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bryant_Fleming=Bryant Fleming
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Hopkins_(architect)=William Hopkins (architect)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Schweikher=Paul Schweikher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilbur_David_Cook=Wilbur David Cook
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sylvester_Hotchkiss=Sylvester Hotchkiss
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shepard_&_Stearns=Shepard & Stearns
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Serero=David Serero
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Max_Strang=Max Strang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_C._Lahey=John C. Lahey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anna_Klingmann=Anna Klingmann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Edwin_Ruthven_Carpenter,_Jr.=James Edwin Ruthven Carpenter, Jr.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Teodor_Talowski=Teodor Talowski
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albert_B._Groves=Albert B. Groves
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francis_C._Schroen=Francis C. Schroen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexandre_Miniac=Alexandre Miniac
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hermann_Ende=Hermann Ende
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apollinaire_Osadca=Apollinaire Osadca
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karbalayi_Safikhan_Karabakhi=Karbalayi Safikhan Karabakhi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bengt_Lindroos=Bengt Lindroos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giovanni_Pietro_de_Pomis=Giovanni Pietro de Pomis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vedat_Tek=Vedat Tek
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_C._Crowell=William C. Crowell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Karakis=Joseph Karakis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Paty_the_Elder=James Paty the Elder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Paty_the_Younger=James Paty the Younger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_P._Wentworth=William P. Wentworth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pedro_Borrell=Pedro Borrell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Lainson=Thomas Lainson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eric_Carlson_(architect)=Eric Carlson (architect)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Vaughan_Lanchester=Henry Vaughan Lanchester
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Curtis_Green=William Curtis Green
http://dbpedia.org/resource/E_Ridsdale_Tate=E Ridsdale Tate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrey_Dostoyevsky=Andrey Dostoyevsky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Duilio_Forte=Duilio Forte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Norton_(architect)=John Norton (architect)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_B._Tabler=William B. Tabler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marcello_Rodriguez_Pons=Marcello Rodriguez Pons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leroy_Binkley=Leroy Binkley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Togo_Murano=Togo Murano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philip_Ruh=Philip Ruh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Dewey_Foster=William Dewey Foster
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis_A._Simon=Louis A. Simon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Smith_&_Bassette=Smith & Bassette
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Victor_W._Voorhees=Victor W. Voorhees
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samuel_B._Reed=Samuel B. Reed
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Lennox_Watson=Thomas Lennox Watson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bernardo_Quintana_Arrioja=Bernardo Quintana Arrioja
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arthur_Loomis=Arthur Loomis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Schofield_Morris=Robert Schofield Morris
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Heathcote=Charles Heathcote
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gene_Dub=Gene Dub
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Geoffrey_Wooding=Geoffrey Wooding
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis_Ayres=Louis Ayres
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clinton_Campbell=Clinton Campbell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harold_Lea_Fetherstonhaugh=Harold Lea Fetherstonhaugh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harold_G._Stoner=Harold G. Stoner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_Francis_Dunlop=Alexander Francis Dunlop
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steven_Izenour=Steven Izenour
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Austin-Smith:Lord=Austin-Smith:Lord
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mouzhan_Majidi=Mouzhan Majidi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Terry_Farrell_(architect)=Terry Farrell (architect)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gustav_August_Munzer=Gustav August Munzer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heinrich_Wenck=Heinrich Wenck
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walter_T._Bailey=Walter T. Bailey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Hurst_Ashpitel=William Hurst Ashpitel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maurice_Fatio=Maurice Fatio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Monks=William Monks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hilding_Ekelund=Hilding Ekelund
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Herbert_Dreiseitl=Herbert Dreiseitl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frederic_Schwartz=Frederic Schwartz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ignjat_Fischer=Ignjat Fischer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michel_Mossessian=Michel Mossessian
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bryan_Avery=Bryan Avery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walter_Edward_Mills=Walter Edward Mills
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Connolly_(architect)=Joseph Connolly (architect)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giles_Downes=Giles Downes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_Delos_%22Boss%22_Jones=Alexander Delos "Boss" Jones
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edwin_Fitch=Edwin Fitch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stoyan_N._Karastoyanoff=Stoyan N. Karastoyanoff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Boese=John Boese
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Herbert_E._Matz=Herbert E. Matz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/F._A._Minuth=F. A. Minuth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_W._Conable=George W. Conable
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Penrose_Stout=Penrose Stout
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Morris_Beckman_(architect)=Morris Beckman (architect)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ludvig_Knudsen=Ludvig Knudsen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/F._A._de_Meuron=F. A. de Meuron
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrews,_Jacques_and_Rantoul=Andrews, Jacques and Rantoul
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Franklin_B._Ware=Franklin B. Ware
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hobart_Upjohn=Hobart Upjohn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis_Allmendiger=Louis Allmendiger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Belfatto_&_Pavarini=Belfatto & Pavarini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Jones_(English_architect)=Edward Jones (English architect)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Atkinson_(architect,_born_1776)=Peter Atkinson (architect, born 1776)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Spalding_(architect)=Henry Spalding (architect)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfred_Cross=Alfred Cross
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bashirul_Haq=Bashirul Haq
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sunita_Kohli=Sunita Kohli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Enamul_Karim_Nirjhar=Enamul Karim Nirjhar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gervase_Wheeler=Gervase Wheeler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bonnie_Fisher=Bonnie Fisher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rufus_G._Russell=Rufus G. Russell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boris_Dramov=Boris Dramov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walter_Green_Penty=Walter Green Penty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/J.R._Perret=J.R. Perret
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_E._Ware=James E. Ware
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfred_Easton_Poor=Alfred Easton Poor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harry_S._Coombs=Harry S. Coombs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_P._B._Alderman=George P. B. Alderman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Shelmerdine=Thomas Shelmerdine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vlastimil_Koubek=Vlastimil Koubek
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frederick_P._Dinkelberg=Frederick P. Dinkelberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_Tschumi=Jean Tschumi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johannes_Emil_Gnudtzmann=Johannes Emil Gnudtzmann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeffry_Wyatville=Jeffry Wyatville
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lewis_Greenleaf_Adams=Lewis Greenleaf Adams
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_W._Naughton=James W. Naughton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/T._F._O._Rippingham=T. F. O. Rippingham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Knill_Freeman=Richard Knill Freeman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Thomas_Thomas=Charles Thomas Thomas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Coleman_(architect)=David Coleman (architect)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sunand_Prasad=Sunand Prasad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/T._Lawrence_Dale=T. Lawrence Dale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Craig_Applegath=Craig Applegath
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edwin_Thomas_Hall=Edwin Thomas Hall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Foad_Rafii=Foad Rafii
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guy_Lagneau=Guy Lagneau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Alexander_Wyon=Edward Alexander Wyon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michel_Roux-Spitz=Michel Roux-Spitz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_Dimitrijevic=Jean Dimitrijevic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Wind=John Wind
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michel_Weill=Michel Weill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adler_&_Sullivan=Adler & Sullivan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marsh_Engineering_Company=Marsh Engineering Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_William_Gregg=John William Gregg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I.R._Timlin=I.R. Timlin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frederick_Codd=Frederick Codd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Gibbs_(architect)=John Gibbs (architect)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brit_Andresen=Brit Andresen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Revathi_Kamath=Revathi Kamath
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frederik_Ferdinand_Friis=Frederik Ferdinand Friis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heinrich_Seeling=Heinrich Seeling
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Muller_(architect)=Peter Muller (architect)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Batt_(architect)=William Batt (architect)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Donald_Bailey_(architect)=Donald Bailey (architect)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anatol_Kagan=Anatol Kagan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rex_Addison=Rex Addison
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Klenzendorff=George Klenzendorff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leslie_S._Hodgson=Leslie S. Hodgson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jun_Mitsui=Jun Mitsui
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buechner_&_Orth=Buechner & Orth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walter_Butler_(architect)=Walter Butler (architect)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frederick_James_Woodbridge=Frederick James Woodbridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean-Paul_Viguier=Jean-Paul Viguier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Knud_Arne_Petersen=Knud Arne Petersen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harry_Little_(architect)=Harry Little (architect)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adams_&_Woodbridge=Adams & Woodbridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Evans,_Moore_&_Woodbridge=Evans, Moore & Woodbridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adams_&_Prentice=Adams & Prentice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Cameron_Greenleaf=John Cameron Greenleaf
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_C._Cochrane=John C. Cochrane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matthew_Urbanski=Matthew Urbanski
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ted_Robinson_(golf_course_architect)=Ted Robinson (golf course architect)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Holger_Jacobsen=Holger Jacobsen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harold_Ridley_Hooper=Harold Ridley Hooper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Harold_Waldo_Haag=George Harold Waldo Haag
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benjamin_T._Wood=Benjamin T. Wood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Theodore_d'Entremont=Paul Theodore d'Entremont
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dominique_Berninger=Dominique Berninger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_W._Ross_(Iowa_architect)=John W. Ross (Iowa architect)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albert_Randolph_Ross=Albert Randolph Ross
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfred_H._Piquenard=Alfred H. Piquenard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bryan_W._Nolen=Bryan W. Nolen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_W._Gaddis=John W. Gaddis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alejandra_Lillo=Alejandra Lillo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roy_Blass=Roy Blass
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oscar_Wenderoth=Oscar Wenderoth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lloyd_Titus=Lloyd Titus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frank_Carmean=Frank Carmean
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brinton_B._Davis=Brinton B. Davis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sheperd_S._Woodcock=Sheperd S. Woodcock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harrie_T._Lindeberg=Harrie T. Lindeberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frank_Chamberlain_Clark=Frank Chamberlain Clark
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Link_&_Haire=Link & Haire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A.J._Gibson=A.J. Gibson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eldon_Davis=Eldon Davis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis_Armet=Louis Armet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_P._Barber=Thomas P. Barber
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lang_&_Witchell=Lang & Witchell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Donn_Barber=Donn Barber
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_J._Barber=Peter J. Barber
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fred_F._Willson=Fred F. Willson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Domenico_Egidio_Rossi=Domenico Egidio Rossi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_M._Neuhausen=Carl M. Neuhausen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_I._Barnett=George I. Barnett
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Lewinski=Thomas Lewinski
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Minerva_Parker_Nichols=Minerva Parker Nichols
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Howard_Robertson_(architect)=Howard Robertson (architect)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Terunobu_Fujimori=Terunobu Fujimori
http://dbpedia.org/resource/J._A._Britton=J. A. Britton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arthur_Anderson_(architect)=Arthur Anderson (architect)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rubush_&_Hunter=Rubush & Hunter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theodore_Wells_Pietsch_I=Theodore Wells Pietsch I
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elias_Carter=Elias Carter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martin_L._Hampton=Martin L. Hampton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lawrence_&_Holford=Lawrence & Holford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wayland_&_Fennell=Wayland & Fennell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_N._Daniels_(architect)=Charles N. Daniels (architect)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfredo_S._G._Taylor=Alfredo S. G. Taylor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frost_&_Granger=Frost & Granger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_K.A._Kletting=Richard K.A. Kletting
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harry_W.J._Edbrooke=Harry W.J. Edbrooke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marian_Lalewicz=Marian Lalewicz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_W._Brinkman=Henry W. Brinkman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fred_Brinkman=Fred Brinkman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Soo_K._Chan=Soo K. Chan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jesse_Keyes=Jesse Keyes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phillip_Jacobson=Phillip Jacobson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jens_Christian_Kofoed=Jens Christian Kofoed
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Donald_Wexler=Donald Wexler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seiji_Shirai=Seiji Shirai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christoph_Kohl=Christoph Kohl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Larry_Bogdanow=Larry Bogdanow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Salvatore_Dierna=Salvatore Dierna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_J._Pelz=Paul J. Pelz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jot_D._Carpenter=Jot D. Carpenter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Levi_J._Dean=Levi J. Dean
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marcus_T._Reynolds=Marcus T. Reynolds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Pontarini=David Pontarini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jimenez_Lai=Jimenez Lai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Linn_A._Forrest=Linn A. Forrest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_L._Perkins=William L. Perkins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Edward_Choate=Charles Edward Choate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cutter_&_Malmgren=Cutter & Malmgren
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karl_G._Malmgren=Karl G. Malmgren
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oscar_Cobb=Oscar Cobb
http://dbpedia.org/resource/W._Ellis_Groben=W. Ellis Groben
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Irving_Turner=William Irving Turner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_H._Ranlett=William H. Ranlett
http://dbpedia.org/resource/H._Rus_Warne=H. Rus Warne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isaac_Pursell=Isaac Pursell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barker_&_Nourse=Barker & Nourse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liebbe,_Nourse_&_Rasmussen=Liebbe, Nourse & Rasmussen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leo_M._J._Dielmann=Leo M. J. Dielmann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_F._Gernandt=William F. Gernandt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harvey_&_Clarke=Harvey & Clarke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_G._Hill=James G. Hill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfred_Bartholomew=Alfred Bartholomew
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Freret=James Freret
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hugill_&_Blatherwick=Hugill & Blatherwick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emil_Praeger=Emil Praeger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Fowler_(architect)=James Fowler (architect)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrew_Bromberg=Andrew Bromberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis_W._Ross=Louis W. Ross
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Gandy_(architect)=Michael Gandy (architect)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alex_B._Mahood=Alex B. Mahood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfred_Giles_(architect)=Alfred Giles (architect)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elmer_F._Jacobs=Elmer F. Jacobs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paolo_Riani=Paolo Riani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Plaw=John Plaw
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alberto_Alfonso=Alberto Alfonso
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Jacob_Zink=John Jacob Zink
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moses_Chamberlain_Edey=Moses Chamberlain Edey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frederick_F._Faris=Frederick F. Faris
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Holl=Edward Holl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Beaven=Peter Beaven
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean-Pierre_Carniaux=Jean-Pierre Carniaux
http://dbpedia.org/resource/T._Charles_Gaastra=T. Charles Gaastra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Rose_(architect)=Charles Rose (architect)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georgi_Konstantinovski=Georgi Konstantinovski
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Niels_Sigfred_Nebelong=Niels Sigfred Nebelong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mubasshar_Hussein=Mubasshar Hussein
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Soutar=John Soutar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Douglas_Gardiner=Douglas Gardiner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edmund_Harold_Sedding=Edmund Harold Sedding
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leonard_Jacobson=Leonard Jacobson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Clacy=John Clacy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Warren_Heywood_Williams=Warren Heywood Williams
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Leopold_Denman=John Leopold Denman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_Dubuisson=Jean Dubuisson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Afanasy_Seredin-Sabatin=Afanasy Seredin-Sabatin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kulapat_Yantrasast=Kulapat Yantrasast
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kaj_Gottlob=Kaj Gottlob
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrew_Taylor_(architect)=Andrew Taylor (architect)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_E._Fraser=Charles E. Fraser
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karl_Schwanzer=Karl Schwanzer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hornblower_&_Marshall=Hornblower & Marshall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Sharp_Smith=Richard Sharp Smith
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wyatt_&_Nolting=Wyatt & Nolting
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Snowden_Ashford=Snowden Ashford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scott_&_Welch=Scott & Welch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thornton_Fitzhugh=Thornton Fitzhugh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harry_Barton_(architect)=Harry Barton (architect)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cudell_&_Richardson=Cudell & Richardson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adolph_Cudell=Adolph Cudell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jones_&_Furbringer=Jones & Furbringer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keene_&_Simpson=Keene & Simpson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrew_Johnson_(architect)=Andrew Johnson (architect)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_B._Cook=James B. Cook
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Henry_Morgan=Thomas Henry Morgan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_T._Blair=John T. Blair
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harry_Kent_(architect)=Harry Kent (architect)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arthur_Garbutt=Arthur Garbutt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_S._Castle=David S. Castle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oscar_Ruffini=Oscar Ruffini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frederick_Ernst_Ruffini=Frederick Ernst Ruffini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_C._Hartmann=Charles C. Hartmann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benjamin_S._Deane=Benjamin S. Deane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_W._Orff=George W. Orff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kate_Orff=Kate Orff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fremont_D._Orff=Fremont D. Orff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierce_&_Bickford=Pierce & Bickford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_James_Tollit=Henry James Tollit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albert_Held=Albert Held
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hare_&_Hare=Hare & Hare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Percival_Lloyd=Percival Lloyd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Perkins_&_McWayne=Perkins & McWayne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Pratt_Feth=William Pratt Feth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_M._Francis=Henry M. Francis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hugh_Edward_White=Hugh Edward White
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frank_W._Gibb=Frank W. Gibb
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Douglas_(architect)=James Douglas (architect)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_DuBois_(architect)=William DuBois (architect)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_W._Dunn_(architect)=John W. Dunn (architect)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emile_Weil=Emile Weil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Addison_Kimball=Addison Kimball
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_C._Jones=Edward C. Jones
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francis_D._Lee=Francis D. Lee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sutton_&_Whitney=Sutton & Whitney
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Standard_Bridge_Company=Standard Bridge Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Schwartz_(architect)=Joseph Schwartz (architect)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_S._Mills=George S. Mills
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_H._Miller_(architect,_born_1949)=George H. Miller (architect, born 1949)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/W.C._Dodson=W.C. Dodson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cannon_&_Fetzer=Cannon & Fetzer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_E._Bell=Charles E. Bell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_H._Allen_(architect)=William H. Allen (architect)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stancho_Belkovski=Stancho Belkovski
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ivan_Vasilyov=Ivan Vasilyov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Baird_(architect)=George Baird (architect)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Watkins_(architect)=John Watkins (architect)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Wildhagen=Henry Wildhagen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Allen_(Utah_architect)=William Allen (Utah architect)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Ward_(Utah_architect)=William Ward (Utah architect)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Augustus_Farnham=Augustus Farnham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Paul_(Utah_architect)=William Paul (Utah architect)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reuben_Broadbent=Reuben Broadbent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yordan_Milanov=Yordan Milanov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilson,_Sompayrac_&_Urquhart=Wilson, Sompayrac & Urquhart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Coker_Wilson=Charles Coker Wilson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_A._Dempwolf=John A. Dempwolf
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Coates_Carter=John Coates Carter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rowland_Plumbe=Rowland Plumbe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ambrose_Macdonald_Poynter=Ambrose Macdonald Poynter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Henry_Devereux=John Henry Devereux
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jonathan_Hill_(architect)=Jonathan Hill (architect)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gene_Summers_(architect)=Gene Summers (architect)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Herbert_Henry_Gatenby_Moody=Herbert Henry Gatenby Moody
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guto_Requena=Guto Requena
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vilhelm_Petersen=Vilhelm Petersen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Cotsman_Wright=Richard Cotsman Wright
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edgar_Lewis_Horwood=Edgar Lewis Horwood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_D._Sutherland=Charles D. Sutherland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Charles_Gustave_Brault=Joseph Charles Gustave Brault
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trench_&_Snook=Trench & Snook
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Min_Hyun-sik=Min Hyun-sik
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Clarkson_Maddison=Joseph Clarkson Maddison
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kathryn_Findlay=Kathryn Findlay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mary_Almy=Mary Almy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lilian_Bridgman=Lilian Bridgman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emma_Brunson=Emma Brunson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henrietta_Cuttino_Dozier=Henrietta Cuttino Dozier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Helen_French_(architect)=Helen French (architect)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rose_Greely=Rose Greely
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frances_Henley=Frances Henley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Margaret_Staal-Kropholler=Margaret Staal-Kropholler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eric_Clough=Eric Clough
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mario_Tamagno=Mario Tamagno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Annibale_Rigotti=Annibale Rigotti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Demetrius_Comino=Demetrius Comino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/C._Emlen_Urban=C. Emlen Urban
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wang_Shu=Wang Shu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Howard_Gilkey=Howard Gilkey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harry_Mayerovitch=Harry Mayerovitch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flora_Samuel=Flora Samuel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Katharine_Budd=Katharine Budd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_N._Fife=William N. Fife
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_W._Fife=William W. Fife
http://dbpedia.org/resource/B._J._Waterhouse=B. J. Waterhouse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shattuck_and_Hussey=Shattuck and Hussey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ethel_Charles=Ethel Charles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harry_B._Mulliken=Harry B. Mulliken
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edgar_J._Moeller=Edgar J. Moeller
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pavlo_Vigderhaus=Pavlo Vigderhaus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Chemetov=Paul Chemetov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Assael_Architecture=Assael Architecture
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nikolai_Markov_(architect)=Nikolai Markov (architect)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manley_Hall,_Staffordshire=Manley Hall, Staffordshire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gary_Berkovich=Gary Berkovich
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_J._Garvin=Michael J. Garvin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfred_Parland=Alfred Parland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Hardwick=William Hardwick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fernando_Romero=Fernando Romero
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marco_Goldschmied=Marco Goldschmied
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eric_Heath_(architect)=Eric Heath (architect)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carol_Benesch=Carol Benesch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lawrence_Nield=Lawrence Nield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samuel_Farr_(architect)=Samuel Farr (architect)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Ronan=John Ronan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Tallmadge=Thomas Tallmadge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gustavo_da_Roza=Gustavo da Roza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Allen_&_Collens=Allen & Collens
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_H._Atherton=Thomas H. Atherton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Austin_&_Shambleau=Austin & Shambleau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hewitt_&_Emerson=Hewitt & Emerson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fernand_Pouillon=Fernand Pouillon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antonio_Gaspari=Antonio Gaspari
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ephraim_Potter=Ephraim Potter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ludwig_Hoffmann_(architect)=Ludwig Hoffmann (architect)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theodore_B._Wells=Theodore B. Wells
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Marshall_(North_Dakota_architect)=John Marshall (North Dakota architect)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Whitestone=Henry Whitestone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_McKinnell=Michael McKinnell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Enoch_Grayson=George Enoch Grayson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Haxby_&_Gillespie=Haxby & Gillespie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_F._Kurke=William F. Kurke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Herbert_W._Tullgren=Herbert W. Tullgren
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stephen_Carter_(architect)=Stephen Carter (architect)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_A._Shannon=Joseph A. Shannon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mike_Strantz=Mike Strantz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Omeyer_&_Thori=Omeyer & Thori
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clarence_L._Smith=Clarence L. Smith
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mann_&_Stern=Mann & Stern
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philip_Enquist=Philip Enquist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexandros_Tombazis=Alexandros Tombazis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Lewis_Brown=Richard Lewis Brown
http://dbpedia.org/resource/J._H._W._Hawkins=J. H. W. Hawkins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Victor_Earl_Mark=Victor Earl Mark
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matthew_Steele=Matthew Steele
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Turner_(architect)=George Turner (architect)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/H._E._Kirkemo=H. E. Kirkemo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_C._Albrant=William C. Albrant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_H._Shanley=George H. Shanley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arthur_W._Van_Horn=Arthur W. Van Horn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philippe_Neerman=Philippe Neerman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Long,_Lamoreaux_&_Long=Long, Lamoreaux & Long
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis_L._Long_(Maryland_architect)=Louis L. Long (Maryland architect)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hartwell_&_Swasey=Hartwell & Swasey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Winkler=George Winkler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_and_Company=Robert and Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richards,_McCarty_&_Bulford=Richards, McCarty & Bulford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Nicholson_(architect)=Thomas Nicholson (architect)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dietrich_A.W._Rulfs=Dietrich A.W. Rulfs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Earle_Sumner_Draper=Earle Sumner Draper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ralph_Loring=Ralph Loring
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_F._Loring=George F. Loring
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abram_Garfield=Abram Garfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_J.J._Chase=William J.J. Chase
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gordon_&_Kaelber=Gordon & Kaelber
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elmer_E._Dunlap=Elmer E. Dunlap
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hallett_&_Rawson=Hallett & Rawson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johan_Neerman=Johan Neerman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_M._Creighton=James M. Creighton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Exley=Peter Exley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Josselyn_&_Taylor=Josselyn & Taylor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Julius_Harder=Julius Harder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Feick=George Feick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Parks_Almand=John Parks Almand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Bromfield=Joseph Bromfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samuel_Charles_Brittingham=Samuel Charles Brittingham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfred_Newman_(architect)=Alfred Newman (architect)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Plottel=Joseph Plottel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Burnham_Hoyt=Burnham Hoyt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Furness_&_Evans=Furness & Evans
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nathaniel_Cannon_Smith=Nathaniel Cannon Smith
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Darlington_Newcomer=John Darlington Newcomer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_H._Corlett=William H. Corlett
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jamieson_Parker=Jamieson Parker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_T._Nolan=William T. Nolan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mott_B._Schmidt=Mott B. Schmidt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A.F._Norris=A.F. Norris
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Curtiss_&_Bright=Curtiss & Bright
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_F._O'Malley=John F. O'Malley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baldwin_&_Pennington=Baldwin & Pennington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Montezuma_Fuller=Montezuma Fuller
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_W._Kramer=George W. Kramer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_M._Harding_(architect)=George M. Harding (architect)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harding_and_Seaver=Harding and Seaver
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walter_T._Downing=Walter T. Downing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_and_Alexander_Curlett=William and Alexander Curlett
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Outram=John Outram
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Praeger=Charles Praeger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Resnick=David Resnick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Jacobberger=Joseph Jacobberger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mortimer_Cleveland=Mortimer Cleveland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_L._Linde=Carl L. Linde
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lange_Powell=Lange Powell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eugene_T._Heiner=Eugene T. Heiner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lloyd_Greer=Lloyd Greer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/E.O._Fallis=E.O. Fallis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frank_R._McGeoy=Frank R. McGeoy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/T.D._Allen=T.D. Allen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_F._Booton=Joseph F. Booton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philip_T._Shutze=Philip T. Shutze
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Emmett_Dougherty=Edward Emmett Dougherty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frederick_Eley_(architect)=Frederick Eley (architect)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hix_McCanless=Hix McCanless
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Morgan_&_Dillon=Morgan & Dillon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hanker_&_Cairns=Hanker & Cairns
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eric_Kebbon=Eric Kebbon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_M._Kerns=George M. Kerns
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marston,_Van_Pelt_&_Maybury=Marston, Van Pelt & Maybury
http://dbpedia.org/resource/P.H._Weathers=P.H. Weathers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lambert_Packard=Lambert Packard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/W.E.E._Greene=W.E.E. Greene
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matt_Maki=Matt Maki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/T.J._Collins=T.J. Collins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inigo_Thomas=Inigo Thomas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Philipp=Richard Philipp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/E.T._Hutchings=E.T. Hutchings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/W.G._Wilkins_Company=W.G. Wilkins Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barber_&_Kluttz=Barber & Kluttz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parker,_Thomas_&_Rice=Parker, Thomas & Rice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doyle_&_Patterson=Doyle & Patterson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frankel_&_Curtis=Frankel & Curtis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A.T._Simmons=A.T. Simmons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Earle_&_Fisher=Earle & Fisher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wallace_L._Dow=Wallace L. Dow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Welch_(architect)=John Welch (architect)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_R._Miller_(architect)=William R. Miller (architect)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_L._Williams_(architect)=David L. Williams (architect)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Williams_(Alaska_architect)=David Williams (Alaska architect)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Foster_(Iowa_architect)=William Foster (Iowa architect)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harold_G._Fowler=Harold G. Fowler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lyle_E._Bennett=Lyle E. Bennett
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maurice_B._Biscoe=Maurice B. Biscoe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Merel_S._Sager=Merel S. Sager
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Punchard,_Jr.=Charles Punchard, Jr.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Tunstal_Redmayne=George Tunstal Redmayne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_C._Weeks=William C. Weeks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harry_G._Robinson_III=Harry G. Robinson III
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_M._Williamson=George M. Williamson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Williams_(Idaho_architect)=George Williams (Idaho architect)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_H._Williamson=George H. Williamson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emmons_H._Woolwine=Emmons H. Woolwine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Wosky=John Wosky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Overend_&_Boucher=Overend & Boucher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harry_Langley=Harry Langley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_Ellis_(architect)=Tom Ellis (architect)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albert_Ely_Ives=Albert Ely Ives
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harry_S._Fairhurst=Harry S. Fairhurst
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Roper=Robert Roper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clark_Rampling=Clark Rampling
http://dbpedia.org/resource/H._T._Cadbury-Brown=H. T. Cadbury-Brown
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Winter_(architect)=John Winter (architect)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_H._Peeps=William H. Peeps
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frank_B._Simpson=Frank B. Simpson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Solon_B._Moore=Solon B. Moore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stuart_W._Cramer=Stuart W. Cramer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vaijnath_Mohiniraj_Pundlik=Vaijnath Mohiniraj Pundlik
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leslie_Boney=Leslie Boney
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dirk_Bolt=Dirk Bolt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benjamin_Ingelow=Benjamin Ingelow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francisco_Gonzalez-Pulido=Francisco Gonzalez-Pulido
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ulrik_Plesner_(born_1930)=Ulrik Plesner (born 1930)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Northrup_&_O'Brien=Northrup & O'Brien
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_E._Bonitz=Henry E. Bonitz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Slater_(architect)=William Slater (architect)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Smith_&_Carrier=Smith & Carrier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_S._H._Appleget=George S. H. Appleget
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barrett_&_Thomson=Barrett & Thomson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arthur_Nash_(architect)=Arthur Nash (architect)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_C._Biberstein=Richard C. Biberstein
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norma_Bonniwell=Norma Bonniwell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Hawks_(architect)=John Hawks (architect)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glenn_Brown_(architect)=Glenn Brown (architect)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walter_W._Thomas=Walter W. Thomas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacob_Graves=Jacob Graves
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_B._Halcott=John B. Halcott
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_E._Hartge=Charles E. Hartge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Hazlehurst=Edward Hazlehurst
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_J._Hicks=William J. Hicks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Christian_Hook=Charles Christian Hook
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Linthicum_&_Linthicum=Linthicum & Linthicum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_McMillen_(architect)=Charles McMillen (architect)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean-Charles_Danjoy=Jean-Charles Danjoy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albert_Gamaliel_Jones=Albert Gamaliel Jones
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Igor_de_Vetyemy=Igor de Vetyemy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stephen_Sauvestre=Stephen Sauvestre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albert_C._Schweinfurth=Albert C. Schweinfurth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Josef_Maria_Auchentaller=Josef Maria Auchentaller
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Douglas_Thornley=Douglas Thornley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hillson_Beasley=Hillson Beasley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Buchanan_(architect)=Peter Buchanan (architect)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gerald_Melling=Gerald Melling
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saif_Ul_Haque=Saif Ul Haque
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hinko_Bauer=Hinko Bauer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bernard_Zimmerman=Bernard Zimmerman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alessandro_Ripellino=Alessandro Ripellino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inga_Varg=Inga Varg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nadim_Karam=Nadim Karam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giovanni_Maria_Bernardoni=Giovanni Maria Bernardoni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Pulliam_(architect)=James Pulliam (architect)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Riccardo_Tossani=Riccardo Tossani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Bond_Pearce=John Bond Pearce
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Busk_+_Hertzog=Busk + Hertzog
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Boardman=Edward Boardman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adrian_Pearsall=Adrian Pearsall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Augustus_Frederic_Scott=Augustus Frederic Scott
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grayson_and_Ould=Grayson and Ould
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_H._Beeby=Thomas H. Beeby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Julius_Mayreder=Julius Mayreder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albert_Jensen=Albert Jensen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bijoy_Jain=Bijoy Jain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/F._H._Herbert=F. H. Herbert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_G._Harrison=Henry G. Harrison
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Austin_W._Lord=Austin W. Lord
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Salauddin_Ahmed=Salauddin Ahmed
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Monheim=Henry Monheim
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Percy_Adams=Henry Percy Adams
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arthur_R._Nichols=Arthur R. Nichols
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Bacon_Fraser,_Jr.=Joseph Bacon Fraser, Jr.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moti_Bodek=Moti Bodek
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Pholeros=Paul Pholeros
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jalal_Ahmad=Jalal Ahmad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alf_Cock-Clausen=Alf Cock-Clausen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ehsan_Khan=Ehsan Khan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mike_Davies_(architect)=Mike Davies (architect)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sidney_Gambier-Parry=Sidney Gambier-Parry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Reynolds_Rowe=Richard Reynolds Rowe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Haycock,_Sr.=Edward Haycock, Sr.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alpheus_C._Morse=Alpheus C. Morse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don_Albinson=Don Albinson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Morris_Frederick_Bell=Morris Frederick Bell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_E._Archer=George E. Archer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Owen_Parsons=Owen Parsons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Lancaster_Ball=Joseph Lancaster Ball
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_de_Lacy_Aherne=William de Lacy Aherne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Le_Corbusier_in_the_USSR=Le Corbusier in the USSR
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stanley_Saitowitz=Stanley Saitowitz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Victor_Olgyay=Victor Olgyay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marion_Tournon-Branly=Marion Tournon-Branly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Turgut_Cansever=Turgut Cansever
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Potter_(architect)=Robert Potter (architect)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hudson_Architects=Hudson Architects
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jonathan_Falkingham=Jonathan Falkingham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Burggraf=Charles Burggraf
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fran_Silvestre_Arquitectos=Fran Silvestre Arquitectos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nathan_Korn=Nathan Korn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Marlor=John Marlor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Victor_Andre_Matteson=Victor Andre Matteson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Koen_van_Velsen=Koen van Velsen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michele_Busiri_Vici=Michele Busiri Vici
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ianto_Evans=Ianto Evans
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_Moritz=Carl Moritz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Felino_Palafox=Felino Palafox
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Egerton_Swartwout=Egerton Swartwout
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Newton_Brezee=Robert Newton Brezee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_B._Stratton=Edward B. Stratton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walter_P._Crabtree=Walter P. Crabtree
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Russell_Mills_(architect)=Russell Mills (architect)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Franklin_Sparrell=Charles Franklin Sparrell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Parsons_(architect)=Edward Parsons (architect)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bartholomew_Voorsanger=Bartholomew Voorsanger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Van_Campen_Taylor=Van Campen Taylor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Romolo_Calabrese=Romolo Calabrese
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacob_M._Nachtigall=Jacob M. Nachtigall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tibor_Donner=Tibor Donner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georg_Theodor_Chiewitz=Georg Theodor Chiewitz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Olufemi_Majekodunmi=Olufemi Majekodunmi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yakov_Rubanchik=Yakov Rubanchik
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carol_Willis_(architectural_historian)=Carol Willis (architectural historian)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Ranalli=George Ranalli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Habershon=Edward Habershon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brightwen_Binyon=Brightwen Binyon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Takaharu_Tezuka=Takaharu Tezuka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Bartberger=Charles Bartberger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frederick_Alexander_Cuthbert=Frederick Alexander Cuthbert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ernest_J._Kump=Ernest J. Kump
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theodore_de_Lemos=Theodore de Lemos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cecil_Burgess=Cecil Burgess
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hugh_T._Keyes=Hugh T. Keyes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Valdemar_Ingemann=Valdemar Ingemann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeffrey_Daniels_(architect)=Jeffrey Daniels (architect)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Warren_Callister=Charles Warren Callister
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_H._Otten=George H. Otten
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_D._Rand=George D. Rand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Katherine_Lee_Schwennsen=Katherine Lee Schwennsen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fred._L._Bonfoey=Fred. L. Bonfoey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Stallan=Paul Stallan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arland_W._Johnson=Arland W. Johnson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_E._Lehman_(architect)=William E. Lehman (architect)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adolph_Scherrer=Adolph Scherrer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/C._E._Parcell=C. E. Parcell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_W._Spaulding=George W. Spaulding
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cruz_Garcia=Cruz Garcia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrew_J._Bryan=Andrew J. Bryan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/W.R._Gunn=W.R. Gunn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frank_Irving_Cooper=Frank Irving Cooper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfred_Eichberg=Alfred Eichberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Alling_Gifford=Charles Alling Gifford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Milka_Bliznakov=Milka Bliznakov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kenji_Sugimura=Kenji Sugimura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Stillburg=Joseph Stillburg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hyman_Whitcover=Hyman Whitcover
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yaakov_Rechter=Yaakov Rechter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Pearsall_(architect)=Robert Pearsall (architect)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_Blair=Alexander Blair
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ivenue_Love-Stanley=Ivenue Love-Stanley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_E._Dagit,_Jr.=Charles E. Dagit, Jr.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frank_Shayler=Frank Shayler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_J._O'Malley=John J. O'Malley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pieter_Adriaan_Jacobus_Moojen=Pieter Adriaan Jacobus Moojen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Otis_Manson=Otis Manson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Hiram_Haycock=John Hiram Haycock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albert_Lybrock=Albert Lybrock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/W._M._Brutton=W. M. Brutton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walter_Cave=Walter Cave
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elmer_Feig=Elmer Feig
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harry_Harrison_(architect)=Harry Harrison (architect)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Herbert_Fuller-Clark=Herbert Fuller-Clark
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Baker_of_Audlem=William Baker of Audlem
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Li_Xinggang=Li Xinggang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edwin_May_(architect)=Edwin May (architect)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Storrs_(architect)=John Storrs (architect)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Malcolm_Quantrill=Malcolm Quantrill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Feilden=Richard Feilden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leslie_Gooday=Leslie Gooday
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ildefonso_P._Santos,_Jr.=Ildefonso P. Santos, Jr.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Swinden_Barber=William Swinden Barber
http://dbpedia.org/resource/W.S._Hull=W.S. Hull
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oleh_Holovchak=Oleh Holovchak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Hunter_(architect)=Henry Hunter (architect)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aditya_Prakash_(architect)=Aditya Prakash (architect)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tamara_Katsenelenbogen=Tamara Katsenelenbogen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michel_Abboud=Michel Abboud
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arthur_Benison_Hubback=Arthur Benison Hubback
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pieter_J_Mathews=Pieter J Mathews
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alex_Gordon_(architect)=Alex Gordon (architect)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carol_Ross_Barney=Carol Ross Barney
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baryi_Kalimullin=Baryi Kalimullin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Simpson_(architect)=Thomas Simpson (architect)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gilbert_Murray_Simpson=Gilbert Murray Simpson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Olav_Haug=Olav Haug
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ante_Anin=Ante Anin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vittorio_Cassar=Vittorio Cassar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philip_H._Lewis_Jr.=Philip H. Lewis Jr.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Giles_(architect)=John Giles (architect)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antonio_Pio_Saracino=Antonio Pio Saracino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ricardo_Bastida=Ricardo Bastida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis_Pounders=Louis Pounders
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_F._Williamson=James F. Williamson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benjamin_Gummow_(architect)=Benjamin Gummow (architect)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pier_Carlo_Bontempi=Pier Carlo Bontempi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stephen_W._Williams=Stephen W. Williams
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frank_Broadbent=Frank Broadbent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ivan_Mercep=Ivan Mercep
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Prowse=Edward Prowse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ernest_Fooks=Ernest Fooks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albert_Purchas=Albert Purchas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_C._Martin=David C. Martin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Ebenezer_Saunders=James Ebenezer Saunders
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Petr_Janda_(architect)=Petr Janda (architect)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Kellaway_Colling=James Kellaway Colling
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfred_Edwin_Jones=Alfred Edwin Jones
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mary_Turner_Shaw=Mary Turner Shaw
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Osterman=Henry Osterman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Howard_T._Fisher=Howard T. Fisher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elina_Mottram=Elina Mottram
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guilford_Marsh_Bell=Guilford Marsh Bell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Dickson_(architect)=Robert Dickson (architect)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ellice_Nosworthy=Ellice Nosworthy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Douglas_Alexandra=Douglas Alexandra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lily_Isabel_Maude_Addison=Lily Isabel Maude Addison
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Marriott_Blashfield=John Marriott Blashfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mary_L._Page=Mary L. Page
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_F._Lembke=Charles F. Lembke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_McDonald_Gardiner=James McDonald Gardiner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilbur_R._Ingalls,_Jr.=Wilbur R. Ingalls, Jr.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dell_Upton=Dell Upton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Bernard_(architect)=Henry Bernard (architect)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Bell_(British_architect)=Charles Bell (British architect)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angelo_Torricelli=Angelo Torricelli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ismagil_Gainutdinov=Ismagil Gainutdinov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Poston=Henry Poston
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Edward_Trent=William Edward Trent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Latham_Withall=Latham Withall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis_John_Gill=Louis John Gill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Victorio_Macho=Victorio Macho
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daniel_Go_(architect)=Daniel Go (architect)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francesco_Righetti=Francesco Righetti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matti_Suuronen=Matti Suuronen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrew_Balfour_(architect)=Andrew Balfour (architect)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Donlyn_Lyndon=Donlyn Lyndon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Whitaker_(architect)=Richard Whitaker (architect)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Manfred=Edward Manfred
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Florestano_Di_Fausto=Florestano Di Fausto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marian_Fikus=Marian Fikus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/R._A._Lewcock=R. A. Lewcock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scott_Simons=Scott Simons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lennox_Godfrey_Bird=Lennox Godfrey Bird
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Marino=Peter Marino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elizabeth_de_Portzamparc=Elizabeth de Portzamparc
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_di_Pasquale=Joseph di Pasquale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clyde_Nelson_Friz=Clyde Nelson Friz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Hughes_Glidden=Edward Hughes Glidden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yang_Yanbao=Yang Yanbao
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liu_Yichun=Liu Yichun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arthur_Mamou-Mani=Arthur Mamou-Mani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fernando_Menis=Fernando Menis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eugene_R._Liebert=Eugene R. Liebert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sunay_Erdem=Sunay Erdem
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reginald_Uren=Reginald Uren
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Reed_(architect)=Charles Reed (architect)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keyvan_Khosrovani=Keyvan Khosrovani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Carbys_Zimmerman=William Carbys Zimmerman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maxwell_Starkman=Maxwell Starkman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sonali_Rastogi=Sonali Rastogi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Warren_Dunnell=Warren Dunnell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Howard_Wright_Cutler=Howard Wright Cutler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Stead_(architect)=Peter Stead (architect)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lois_Howe=Lois Howe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lorea_Canales=Lorea Canales
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marcel_Holmberg=Marcel Holmberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Davidson_(Scottish_architect)=James Davidson (Scottish architect)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Hull_(architect)=Robert Hull (architect)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clinton_Day=Clinton Day
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean-Marie_Duthilleul=Jean-Marie Duthilleul
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sefik_Birkiye=Sefik Birkiye
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Cunningham_(architect)=John Cunningham (architect)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Kulka=Henry Kulka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karel_Hendrik_van_Brederode=Karel Hendrik van Brederode
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Loyn_&_Co=Loyn & Co
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harold_Hughes_(architect)=Harold Hughes (architect)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stanley_Davenport_Adshead=Stanley Davenport Adshead
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Justus_F._Krumbein=Justus F. Krumbein
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eugenio_Rayneri_Piedra=Eugenio Rayneri Piedra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_J._Hefty=Henry J. Hefty
