http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chardonnay=Chardonnay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cabernet_Sauvignon=Cabernet Sauvignon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Syrah=Syrah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Malvasia=Malvasia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sauvignon_blanc=Sauvignon blanc
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Riesling=Riesling
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pinot_noir=Pinot noir
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cabernet_Franc=Cabernet Franc
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Malbec=Malbec
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pinotage=Pinotage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zinfandel=Zinfandel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aurore_(grape)=Aurore (grape)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baco_noir=Baco noir
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seyval_blanc=Seyval blanc
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alicante_Bouschet=Alicante Bouschet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chancellor_(grape)=Chancellor (grape)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pinot_blanc=Pinot blanc
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carignan=Carignan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pinot_gris=Pinot gris
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roussanne=Roussanne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barbera=Barbera
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pinot_Meunier=Pinot Meunier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marsanne=Marsanne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Folle_blanche=Folle blanche
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cinsaut=Cinsaut
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rkatsiteli=Rkatsiteli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chasselas=Chasselas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colombard=Colombard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chenin_blanc=Chenin blanc
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dolcetto=Dolcetto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Durif=Durif
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Furmint=Furmint
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gamay=Gamay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Garganega=Garganega
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grignolino=Grignolino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mauzac_(grape)=Mauzac (grape)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Viognier=Viognier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grenache=Grenache
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sangiovese=Sangiovese
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beta_(grape)=Beta (grape)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tempranillo=Tempranillo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zweigelt=Zweigelt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Muscat_(grape)=Muscat (grape)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Petit_Verdot=Petit Verdot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ruby_Cabernet=Ruby Cabernet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Agawam_(grape)=Agawam (grape)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baco_blanc=Baco blanc
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trousseau_(grape)=Trousseau (grape)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boal_(grape)=Boal (grape)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Macabeo=Macabeo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rotberger=Rotberger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dornfelder=Dornfelder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bacchus_(grape)=Bacchus (grape)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trebbiano=Trebbiano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aglianico=Aglianico
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Verdelho=Verdelho
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sercial=Sercial
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Touriga_Nacional=Touriga Nacional
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Melon_de_Bourgogne=Melon de Bourgogne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Acolon=Acolon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Agiorgitiko=Agiorgitiko
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trollinger=Trollinger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Negroamaro=Negroamaro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nero_d'Avola=Nero d'Avola
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Catawba_(grape)=Catawba (grape)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Assyrtiko=Assyrtiko
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xinomavro=Xinomavro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Picolit=Picolit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Welschriesling=Welschriesling
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arbois_(grape)=Arbois (grape)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lagrein=Lagrein
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silvaner=Silvaner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crouchen=Crouchen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Muscadelle=Muscadelle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Touriga_Francesa=Touriga Francesa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moschofilero=Moschofilero
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gouais_blanc=Gouais blanc
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Poulsard=Poulsard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trousseau_gris=Trousseau gris
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clairette_blanche=Clairette blanche
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bourboulenc=Bourboulenc
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tannat=Tannat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barbaroux=Barbaroux
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scheurebe=Scheurebe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Savagnin=Savagnin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parellada=Parellada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mencia=Mencia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Huxelrebe=Huxelrebe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Romorantin=Romorantin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Regent_(grape)=Regent (grape)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rondo_(grape)=Rondo (grape)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saperavi=Saperavi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Laurent_(grape)=St. Laurent (grape)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Refosco=Refosco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blauer_Portugieser=Blauer Portugieser
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grillo=Grillo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Godello=Godello
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Counoise=Counoise
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vermentino=Vermentino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rieslaner=Rieslaner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sauvignon_vert=Sauvignon vert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Juhfark=Juhfark
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canaiolo=Canaiolo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ancellotta=Ancellotta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bondola=Bondola
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Plavac_Mali=Plavac Mali
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xynisteri=Xynisteri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mavro=Mavro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kadarka=Kadarka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mtsvane=Mtsvane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Breidecker=Breidecker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kyoho_(grape)=Kyoho (grape)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_Muscat=Black Muscat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Muscat_of_Alexandria=Muscat of Alexandria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Savagnin_Rose=Savagnin Rose
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Muscat_Ottonel=Muscat Ottonel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aleatico=Aleatico
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grolleau_(grape)=Grolleau (grape)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tressot=Tressot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mondeuse_noire=Mondeuse noire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aubun=Aubun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Terret_noir=Terret noir
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Piquepoul=Piquepoul
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Muscardin=Muscardin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abouriou=Abouriou
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Duras_(grape)=Duras (grape)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aramon_(grape)=Aramon (grape)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sciacarello=Sciacarello
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bonarda_Piemontese=Bonarda Piemontese
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Braquet=Braquet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gaglioppo=Gaglioppo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Graciano=Graciano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Misket_Cherven=Misket Cherven
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Susumaniello=Susumaniello
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ehrenfelser=Ehrenfelser
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madeleine_Angevine=Madeleine Angevine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Morio_Muscat=Morio Muscat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Siegerrebe=Siegerrebe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aleksandrouli=Aleksandrouli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grk_Bijeli=Grk Bijeli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Delaware_(grape)=Delaware (grape)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isabella_(grape)=Isabella (grape)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Noah_(grape)=Noah (grape)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alarije=Alarije
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albarello_(grape)=Albarello (grape)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sacy_(grape)=Sacy (grape)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mujuretuli=Mujuretuli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blauburger=Blauburger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grenache_blanc=Grenache blanc
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kerner_(grape)=Kerner (grape)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Durella=Durella
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ramandolo=Ramandolo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Auxerrois_blanc=Auxerrois blanc
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ciliegiolo=Ciliegiolo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Calabrese_Montenuovo=Calabrese Montenuovo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blatina=Blatina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reichensteiner=Reichensteiner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marselan=Marselan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aubin_blanc=Aubin blanc
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madeleine_Royale=Madeleine Royale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Petit_Meslier=Petit Meslier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Argant=Argant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bachet_noir=Bachet noir
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beaunoir=Beaunoir
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gamay_Blanc_Gloriod=Gamay Blanc Gloriod
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Picardan=Picardan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peurion=Peurion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roublot=Roublot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dameron=Dameron
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elbling=Elbling
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bukettraube=Bukettraube
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Len_de_l'El=Len de l'El
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cardinal_(grape)=Cardinal (grape)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Criolla_Grande=Criolla Grande
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manseng_noir=Manseng noir
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gros_Manseng=Gros Manseng
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Petit_Manseng=Petit Manseng
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zierfandler=Zierfandler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Schioppettino=Schioppettino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Terrano_(grape)=Terrano (grape)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ribolla_Gialla=Ribolla Gialla
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fiano_(grape)=Fiano (grape)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Verduzzo=Verduzzo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arneis=Arneis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tazzelenghe=Tazzelenghe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Refosco_dal_Peduncolo_Rosso=Refosco dal Peduncolo Rosso
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Athiri=Athiri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grechetto=Grechetto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ondenc=Ondenc
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mondeuse_blanche=Mondeuse blanche
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dureza=Dureza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Verdejo=Verdejo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clinton_(grape)=Clinton (grape)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Solaris_(grape)=Solaris (grape)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rotgipfler=Rotgipfler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roter_Veltliner=Roter Veltliner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Faberrebe=Faberrebe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ortega_(grape)=Ortega (grape)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Domina_(grape)=Domina (grape)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dunkelfelder=Dunkelfelder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cabernet_Mitos=Cabernet Mitos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cabernet_Dorsa=Cabernet Dorsa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orion_(grape)=Orion (grape)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Optima_(grape)=Optima (grape)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Altesse=Altesse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cassady_(grape)=Cassady (grape)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Plavay=Plavay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tinta_Amarela=Tinta Amarela
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albana_(grape)=Albana (grape)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albillo=Albillo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amigne=Amigne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ansonica=Ansonica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arinto=Arinto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arrufiac=Arrufiac
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Petite_Arvine=Petite Arvine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Avesso=Avesso
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Azal_branco=Azal branco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baroque_(grape)=Baroque (grape)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bical=Bical
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bombino_bianco=Bombino bianco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arbane=Arbane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bouvier_(grape)=Bouvier (grape)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Burger_(grape)=Burger (grape)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Catarratto=Catarratto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cayetana=Cayetana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Completer=Completer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chasan=Chasan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cereza=Cereza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Debina_(grape)=Debina (grape)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dimiat=Dimiat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dinka_(grape)=Dinka (grape)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doradillo=Doradillo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Encruzado=Encruzado
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Erbaluce=Erbaluce
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Favorita_(grape)=Favorita (grape)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Freisamer=Freisamer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goldburger=Goldburger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Green_Hungarian=Green Hungarian
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pearl_of_Csaba=Pearl of Csaba
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roesler=Roesler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wildbacher=Wildbacher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gutenborner=Gutenborner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Humagne_Blanche=Humagne Blanche
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Loureira=Loureira
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Malagousia=Malagousia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Merseguera=Merseguera
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Escanyavella=Escanyavella
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Molette=Molette
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Neuburger=Neuburger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pigato=Pigato
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tourbat=Tourbat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vespaiola=Vespaiola
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vilana=Vilana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zalema=Zalema
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfrocheiro_Preto=Alfrocheiro Preto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aspiran_(grape)=Aspiran (grape)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baga_(grape)=Baga (grape)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caladoc=Caladoc
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colorino=Colorino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Espadeiro=Espadeiro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frappato=Frappato
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Groppello=Groppello
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Helfensteiner=Helfensteiner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heroldrebe=Heroldrebe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Limnio=Limnio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mandilaria=Mandilaria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Magarach_Ruby=Magarach Ruby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mammolo=Mammolo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mourisco_tinto=Mourisco tinto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moreto=Moreto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Piedirosso=Piedirosso
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Portan=Portan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ramisco=Ramisco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prokupac=Prokupac
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Siroka_Melniska=Siroka Melniska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vespolina=Vespolina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bronner_(grape)=Bronner (grape)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Merzling=Merzling
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Argaman_(grape)=Argaman (grape)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rosette_(grape)=Rosette (grape)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Garrido_Fino=Garrido Fino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Montepila=Montepila
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parraleta=Parraleta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arnsburger=Arnsburger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goldriesling=Goldriesling
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mureto=Mureto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ehrenbreitsteiner=Ehrenbreitsteiner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cabernet_Cortis=Cabernet Cortis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phoenix_(grape)=Phoenix (grape)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Muscat_d'Eisenstadt=Muscat d'Eisenstadt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_(grape)=Alexander (grape)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marquette_(grape)=Marquette (grape)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Falanghina=Falanghina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gamaret=Gamaret
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Garanoir=Garanoir
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cornalin_d'Aoste=Cornalin d'Aoste
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rouge_du_Pays=Rouge du Pays
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diolinoir=Diolinoir
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glera_(grape)=Glera (grape)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Azal_tinto=Azal tinto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Calitor=Calitor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Triomphe_d'Alsace=Triomphe d'Alsace
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pelaverga=Pelaverga
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gringet=Gringet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Juwel_(grape)=Juwel (grape)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kanzler_(grape)=Kanzler (grape)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madrasa_(grape)=Madrasa (grape)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomcord=Thomcord
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Agh_Shani=Agh Shani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tsolikouri=Tsolikouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Melody_(grape)=Melody (grape)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Debit_(grape)=Debit (grape)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Malverina=Malverina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Susac_Crni=Susac Crni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Verdesse=Verdesse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Servanin=Servanin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pollera_nera=Pollera nera
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sciascinoso=Sciascinoso
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Douce_noir=Douce noir
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mazzarrone_(grape)=Mazzarrone (grape)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mtevandidi=Mtevandidi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emir_wine=Emir wine
