http://dbpedia.org/resource/British_Airways=British Airways
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Qantas=Qantas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_Airlines=United Airlines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silver_City_Airways=Silver City Airways
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Go_(airline)=Go (airline)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Southwest_Airlines=Southwest Airlines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Delta_Air_Lines=Delta Air Lines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/America_West_Airlines=America West Airlines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pan_American_World_Airways=Pan American World Airways
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prinair=Prinair
http://dbpedia.org/resource/LOT_Polish_Airlines=LOT Polish Airlines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aeroflot=Aeroflot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eastern_Air_Lines=Eastern Air Lines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lufthansa=Lufthansa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iberia_(airline)=Iberia (airline)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/El_Al=El Al
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PLUNA=PLUNA
http://dbpedia.org/resource/South_African_Airways=South African Airways
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vieques_Air_Link=Vieques Air Link
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emery_Worldwide=Emery Worldwide
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Polar_Air_Cargo=Polar Air Cargo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Continental_Airlines=Continental Airlines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cargolux=Cargolux
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aer_Lingus=Aer Lingus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Midwest_Airlines=Midwest Airlines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Finnair=Finnair
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kenya_Airways=Kenya Airways
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Air_Canada=Air Canada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Northwest_Airlines=Northwest Airlines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Air_Florida=Air Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Western_Airlines=Western Airlines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ATA_Airlines=ATA Airlines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cathay_Pacific=Cathay Pacific
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trans_World_Airlines=Trans World Airlines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fine_Air=Fine Air
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TAM_Airlines=TAM Airlines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ariana_Afghan_Airlines=Ariana Afghan Airlines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Air_Atlanta_Icelandic=Air Atlanta Icelandic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Air_Mauritius=Air Mauritius
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Singapore_Airlines=Singapore Airlines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swiss_International_Air_Lines=Swiss International Air Lines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swissair=Swissair
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Culebra_Air_Services=Culebra Air Services
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AirBaltic=AirBaltic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Viasa=Viasa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Garuda_Indonesia=Garuda Indonesia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/EasyJet=EasyJet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trans_Australia_Airlines=Trans Australia Airlines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pakistan_International_Airlines=Pakistan International Airlines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Japan_Airlines=Japan Airlines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norwegian_Air_Shuttle=Norwegian Air Shuttle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Air_Finland=Air Finland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monarch_Airlines=Monarch Airlines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Air_America_(airline)=Air America (airline)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cyprus_Airways=Cyprus Airways
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Air_Vanuatu=Air Vanuatu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Court_Line=Court Line
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fina_Air=Fina Air
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Balkan_Bulgarian_Airlines=Balkan Bulgarian Airlines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ryanair=Ryanair
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flying_Finn_(airline)=Flying Finn (airline)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cape_Air=Cape Air
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Independence_Air=Independence Air
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tofino_Air=Tofino Air
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arrow_Air=Arrow Air
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aero_Virgin_Islands=Aero Virgin Islands
http://dbpedia.org/resource/British_Midland_International=British Midland International
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Biman_Bangladesh_Airlines=Biman Bangladesh Airlines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aloha_Airlines=Aloha Airlines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flybe=Flybe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Air_Midwest=Air Midwest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Piedmont_Airlines=Piedmont Airlines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philippine_Airlines=Philippine Airlines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thai_Airways=Thai Airways
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SkyEurope=SkyEurope
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Air_North=Air North
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Korean_Air=Korean Air
http://dbpedia.org/resource/EgyptAir=EgyptAir
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AirTran_Airways=AirTran Airways
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kavminvodyavia=Kavminvodyavia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Asiana_Airlines=Asiana Airlines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jat_Airways=Jat Airways
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Air_Lithuania=Air Lithuania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lauda_Air=Lauda Air
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pacific_Southwest_Airlines=Pacific Southwest Airlines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Air_Transat=Air Transat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aerosvit_Airlines=Aerosvit Airlines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/First_Air=First Air
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Southern_Airways=Southern Airways
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Air_Foyle_HeavyLift=Air Foyle HeavyLift
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vietnam_Airlines=Vietnam Airlines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mahan_Air=Mahan Air
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Air_Atlantic=Air Atlantic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Syrian_Air=Syrian Air
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Air_California=Air California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Braniff_International_Airways=Braniff International Airways
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sudan_Airways=Sudan Airways
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ethiopian_Airlines=Ethiopian Airlines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Finncomm_Airlines=Finncomm Airlines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Air_Namibia=Air Namibia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fujita_Airlines=Fujita Airlines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Air_Berlin=Air Berlin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blue1=Blue1
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Japan_Air_System=Japan Air System
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Southeast_Airlines=Southeast Airlines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ghana_Airways=Ghana Airways
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Air_Europa=Air Europa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/VG_Airlines=VG Airlines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Etihad_Airways=Etihad Airways
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Precision_Air=Precision Air
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Air_Tanzania=Air Tanzania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Texas_International_Airlines=Texas International Airlines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bmibaby=Bmibaby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harlequin_Air=Harlequin Air
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Montenegro_Airlines=Montenegro Airlines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aircalin=Aircalin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georgian_Airways=Georgian Airways
http://dbpedia.org/resource/British_South_American_Airways=British South American Airways
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pacific_Western_Airlines=Pacific Western Airlines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/C.A.I._Second=C.A.I. Second
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alas_Chiricanas=Alas Chiricanas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wizz_Air=Wizz Air
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Allegheny_Airlines=Allegheny Airlines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arizona_Airways=Arizona Airways
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dorado_Wings=Dorado Wings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Island_Air=Island Air
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mohawk_Airlines=Mohawk Airlines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lake_Central_Airlines=Lake Central Airlines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Air_South_(South_Carolina)=Air South (South Carolina)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dan-Air=Dan-Air
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Golden_West_Airlines=Golden West Airlines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/East-West_Airlines_(India)=East-West Airlines (India)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DutchBird=DutchBird
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Civil_Air_Transport=Civil Air Transport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uzbekistan_Airways=Uzbekistan Airways
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Helijet=Helijet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cirrus_Airlines=Cirrus Airlines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harbour_Air_Seaplanes=Harbour Air Seaplanes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SAHSA=SAHSA
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Air_Zimbabwe=Air Zimbabwe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vueling=Vueling
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bearskin_Airlines=Bearskin Airlines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hemus_Air=Hemus Air
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bulgaria_Air=Bulgaria Air
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Air_Southwest=Air Southwest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Virgin_Galactic=Virgin Galactic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Naganagani=Naganagani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Capital_Airlines=Capital Airlines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marquette_Airlines=Marquette Airlines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Air_Dolomiti=Air Dolomiti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flywest=Flywest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aerolinee_Itavia=Aerolinee Itavia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saturn_Airways=Saturn Airways
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jetstar_Asia_Airways=Jetstar Asia Airways
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sun_Country_Airlines=Sun Country Airlines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lion_Air=Lion Air
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kish_Air=Kish Air
http://dbpedia.org/resource/First_Cambodia_Airlines=First Cambodia Airlines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thai_AirAsia=Thai AirAsia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harmony_Airways=Harmony Airways
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TAAG_Angola_Airlines=TAAG Angola Airlines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Allegiant_Air=Allegiant Air
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Big_Sky_Airlines=Big Sky Airlines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Air_Tindi=Air Tindi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zhongyuan_Airlines=Zhongyuan Airlines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aero_Asia_International=Aero Asia International
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aeronica=Aeronica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/EAS_Airlines=EAS Airlines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aegean_Airlines=Aegean Airlines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TACV=TACV
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gabon_Express=Gabon Express
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aero_Flight=Aero Flight
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aigle_Azur=Aigle Azur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Air_Arabia=Air Arabia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_York_Air=New York Air
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Minerva_Airlines=Minerva Airlines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/City-Air=City-Air
http://dbpedia.org/resource/C.A.I._First=C.A.I. First
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Azzurra_Air=Azzurra Air
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Air_Creebec=Air Creebec
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Druk_Air=Druk Air
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Euralair=Euralair
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Air_Horizons=Air Horizons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Air_Labrador=Air Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Air_Livonia=Air Livonia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Air_Nippon_Network=Air Nippon Network
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Air_BC=Air BC
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canadian_Regional_Airlines=Canadian Regional Airlines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Austin_Airways=Austin Airways
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Great_Lakes_Airlines_(Canada)=Great Lakes Airlines (Canada)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Air_Tahiti=Air Tahiti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Air_Togo=Air Togo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canadian_North=Canadian North
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Expedition_Airways=Expedition Airways
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fresh_Air_(airline)=Fresh Air (airline)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sichuan_Airlines=Sichuan Airlines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Welcome_Air=Welcome Air
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fischer_Air=Fischer Air
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yeti_Airlines=Yeti Airlines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Constellation_Airlines=Constellation Airlines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Armavia=Armavia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Travel_Service_Airlines=Travel Service Airlines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mid_Airlines_(Zimbabwe)=Mid Airlines (Zimbabwe)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Okay_Airways=Okay Airways
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MNG_Airlines=MNG Airlines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pegasus_Airlines=Pegasus Airlines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dasab_Airlines=Dasab Airlines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ecoair_International=Ecoair International
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Burkina_Airlines=Burkina Airlines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uganda_Airlines=Uganda Airlines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bellview_Airlines_(Sierra_Leone)=Bellview Airlines (Sierra Leone)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Associated_Aviation=Associated Aviation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albarka_Air=Albarka Air
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Comair_(South_Africa)=Comair (South Africa)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Congo_Airlines=Congo Airlines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/LoneStar_Airways=LoneStar Airways
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guine_Bissau_Airlines=Guine Bissau Airlines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kalahari_Express_Airlines=Kalahari Express Airlines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chrome_Air_Service=Chrome Air Service
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Somali_Airlines=Somali Airlines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isles_of_Scilly_Skybus=Isles of Scilly Skybus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aero_Zambia=Aero Zambia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/China_General_Aviation=China General Aviation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shandong_Airlines=Shandong Airlines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Afric'Air_Charter=Afric'Air Charter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/City_Connexion_Airlines=City Connexion Airlines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inter_Islands_Airlines=Inter Islands Airlines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Air_Guinee_Express=Air Guinee Express
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guinee_Airlines=Guinee Airlines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indonesian_Airlines=Indonesian Airlines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/China_Southwest_Airlines=China Southwest Airlines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sempati_Air=Sempati Air
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Air_Nunavut=Air Nunavut
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Western_Pacific_Airlines=Western Pacific Airlines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ThaiJet=ThaiJet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Avialeasing=Avialeasing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aus-Air=Aus-Air
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Australia_Asia_Airlines=Australia Asia Airlines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eastland_Air=Eastland Air
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Horizon_Airlines_(Australia)=Horizon Airlines (Australia)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Skytrans_Airlines=Skytrans Airlines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Afra_Airlines=Afra Airlines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Origin_Pacific_Airways=Origin Pacific Airways
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pacific_Island_Aviation=Pacific Island Aviation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Avia_Air=Avia Air
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aero_Costa_Rica=Aero Costa Rica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mayan_World_Airlines=Mayan World Airlines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seaborne_Airlines=Seaborne Airlines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ryan_International_Airlines=Ryan International Airlines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bunavad=Bunavad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xtra_Airways=Xtra Airways
http://dbpedia.org/resource/International_AirLink=International AirLink
http://dbpedia.org/resource/LTU_Austria=LTU Austria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Teamline_Air=Teamline Air
http://dbpedia.org/resource/European_Air_Transport=European Air Transport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aerotrans_Airlines=Aerotrans Airlines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SmartWings=SmartWings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atlantic_Airways=Atlantic Airways
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Champagne_Airlines=Champagne Airlines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eurojet_Airlines=Eurojet Airlines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/European_Air_Express=European Air Express
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Air_Orient=Air Orient
http://dbpedia.org/resource/East-West_Airlines_(Australia)=East-West Airlines (Australia)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/EuroAir=EuroAir
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Imperial_Japanese_Airways=Imperial Japanese Airways
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aviaexpress=Aviaexpress
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blue_Panorama_Airlines=Blue Panorama Airlines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MacRobertson_Miller_Airlines=MacRobertson Miller Airlines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ozark_Air_Lines=Ozark Air Lines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bar_Harbor_Airlines=Bar Harbor Airlines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Neos_(airline)=Neos (airline)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Magic_Blue_Airlines=Magic Blue Airlines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/EuroAtlantic_Airways=EuroAtlantic Airways
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Krylo_Airlines=Krylo Airlines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Binter_Canarias=Binter Canarias
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Braathens_Regional=Braathens Regional
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Air_Efata=Air Efata
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TUIfly_Nordic=TUIfly Nordic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Novair=Novair
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dauair=Dauair
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maxair_(airline)=Maxair (airline)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ValuJet_Airlines=ValuJet Airlines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MetroJet=MetroJet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swe_Fly=Swe Fly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crossair_Europe=Crossair Europe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edelweiss_Air=Edelweiss Air
http://dbpedia.org/resource/R1_Airlines=R1 Airlines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orbit_Express_Airlines=Orbit Express Airlines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sky_Airlines=Sky Airlines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ukraine_International_Airlines=Ukraine International Airlines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Air_Atlantique=Air Atlantique
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atlantic_Airlines_(United_Kingdom)=Atlantic Airlines (United Kingdom)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aurigny_Air_Services=Aurigny Air Services
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coyne_Airways=Coyne Airways
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DHL_Air_UK=DHL Air UK
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gulf_Air_Transport=Gulf Air Transport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CAL_Cargo_Air_Lines=CAL Cargo Air Lines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kyokushin_Air=Kyokushin Air
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uair=Uair
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Surinam_Airways=Surinam Airways
http://dbpedia.org/resource/IndiGo=IndiGo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_Caribbean_Airways=West Caribbean Airways
http://dbpedia.org/resource/LAN_Cargo=LAN Cargo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Air_Afrique=Air Afrique
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Falcon=American Falcon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alaska_Central_Express=Alaska Central Express
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buffalo_Airways=Buffalo Airways
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bryansk_Air_Enterprise=Bryansk Air Enterprise
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bookajet=Bookajet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bonaire_Express=Bonaire Express
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blue_Moon_Aviation=Blue Moon Aviation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bering_Air=Bering Air
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Belgorod_Air_Enterprise=Belgorod Air Enterprise
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bali_Air=Bali Air
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BackpackersXpress=BackpackersXpress
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aviones_Comerciales_de_Guatemala_(Avcom)=Aviones Comerciales de Guatemala (Avcom)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atruvera_Aviation=Atruvera Aviation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aspiring_Air=Aspiring Air
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Asia_Pacific_Airlines_(PNG)=Asia Pacific Airlines (PNG)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Asia_Avia_Airlines=Asia Avia Airlines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amadeus_(airline)=Amadeus (airline)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AlsaceExel=AlsaceExel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alrosa-Avia=Alrosa-Avia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alberta_Citylink=Alberta Citylink
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Airwork=Airwork
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Airlink_(Papua_New_Guinea)=Airlink (Papua New Guinea)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Equatair=Equatair
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Air_Yugoslavia=Air Yugoslavia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Air_Saint-Pierre=Air Saint-Pierre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chris_Air=Chris Air
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeju_Air=Jeju Air
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Air_Services_Cargo=Air Services Cargo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Air_Regional=Air Regional
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Air_Post=Air Post
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Air_National=Air National
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Air_Mikisew=Air Mikisew
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Merchant_Express_Aviation=Merchant Express Aviation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Air_Link_International_Airways=Air Link International Airways
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Air_Cess=Air Cess
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Air_Caledonian=Air Caledonian
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Air_Andalucia=Air Andalucia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Freelandia=Freelandia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aerogem_Aviation=Aerogem Aviation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maersk_Air_UK=Maersk Air UK
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aquila_Airways=Aquila Airways
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ABS_Jets=ABS Jets
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Calm_Air=Calm Air
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canada_West_Airlines=Canada West Airlines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Southern_Winds_Airlines=Southern Winds Airlines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coastal_Air=Coastal Air
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charlan_Air_Charter=Charlan Air Charter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SkyLink_Aviation=SkyLink Aviation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chelyabinsk_Air_Enterprise=Chelyabinsk Air Enterprise
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chernomor-Avia=Chernomor-Avia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/China_United_Airlines=China United Airlines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/StarFlyer=StarFlyer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chitaavia=Chitaavia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chuvashia_Airlines=Chuvashia Airlines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Club_Airways_International=Club Airways International
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Connect_Air=Connect Air
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Corporate_Air_(Philippines)=Corporate Air (Philippines)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cygnus_Air=Cygnus Air
http://dbpedia.org/resource/FLYi=FLYi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Air_Nepal_International=Air Nepal International
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DutchCaribbeanExel=DutchCaribbeanExel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vanguard_Airlines=Vanguard Airlines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MarkAir=MarkAir
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cascade_Airways=Cascade Airways
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Air_Harrods=Air Harrods
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ravn_Alaska=Ravn Alaska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eos_Airlines=Eos Airlines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tatarstan_Airlines=Tatarstan Airlines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/KD_Air=KD Air
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Express_One_International=Express One International
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fly_Niu_Airlines=Fly Niu Airlines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Globemaster_Air_Cargo=Globemaster Air Cargo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heliservices=Heliservices
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maritime_Central_Airways=Maritime Central Airways
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Transwest_Air=Transwest Air
http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_Wind_Aviation=West Wind Aviation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Air_Saguenay=Air Saguenay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Summit_Air=Summit Air
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Perimeter_Aviation=Perimeter Aviation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thunder_Airlines=Thunder Airlines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keystone_Air_Service=Keystone Air Service
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kivalliq_Air=Kivalliq Air
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keewatin_Air=Keewatin Air
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alkan_Air=Alkan Air
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baxter_Aviation=Baxter Aviation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guinee_Air_Service=Guinee Air Service
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Intermountain_Aviation=Intermountain Aviation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jaro_International=Jaro International
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heliandes=Heliandes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Air_Service_Plus=Air Service Plus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Transeast_Airlines=Transeast Airlines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Helvetic_Wings=Helvetic Wings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/HollandExel=HollandExel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MidAtlantic_Airways=MidAtlantic Airways
http://dbpedia.org/resource/San_Juan_Airlines=San Juan Airlines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Central_Airlines=Central Airlines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ilavia=Ilavia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hong_Kong_Airways=Hong Kong Airways
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Club_One_Air=Club One Air
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inter_Island_Airways=Inter Island Airways
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inter_Trans_Air=Inter Trans Air
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Interjet=Interjet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Islands_Nationair=Islands Nationair
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nigeria_Airways=Nigeria Airways
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brymon_European_Airways=Brymon European Airways
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Birmingham_European_Airways=Birmingham European Airways
http://dbpedia.org/resource/North-Wright_Airways=North-Wright Airways
http://dbpedia.org/resource/British_International_Helicopters=British International Helicopters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Great_Plains_Airlines=Great Plains Airlines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mid_Pacific_Air=Mid Pacific Air
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ansett_New_Zealand=Ansett New Zealand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mississippi_Valley_Airlines=Mississippi Valley Airlines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mackey_Airlines=Mackey Airlines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reno_Air=Reno Air
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Golden_Bay_Air=Golden Bay Air
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indigo_Airlines=Indigo Airlines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Air_Serv_International=Air Serv International
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Global_International_Airways=Global International Airways
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brussels_Airlines=Brussels Airlines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Skybus_Airlines=Skybus Airlines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/British_NorthWest_Airlines=British NorthWest Airlines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Integra_Air=Integra Air
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Northeast_Airlines=Northeast Airlines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prince_Aviation=Prince Aviation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sverigeflyg=Sverigeflyg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TUIfly=TUIfly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Highland_Express_Airways=Highland Express Airways
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blue_Islands=Blue Islands
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Continental_Lite=Continental Lite
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maestro_(airline)=Maestro (airline)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aviaco=Aviaco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atlantic_Express_(airline)=Atlantic Express (airline)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Avianca_Cargo=Avianca Cargo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lamb_Air=Lamb Air
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mid-Continent_Airlines=Mid-Continent Airlines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Euroceltic_Airways=Euroceltic Airways
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eurodirect=Eurodirect
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AviaSelva=AviaSelva
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_American_Aviation=All American Aviation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Finnaviation=Finnaviation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Capital_Airlines_(UK)=Capital Airlines (UK)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/White_Airways=White Airways
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aer_Turas=Aer Turas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/East_African_Airways=East African Airways
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nolisair=Nolisair
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norsk_Air=Norsk Air
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coastal_Aviation=Coastal Aviation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hazelton_Airlines=Hazelton Airlines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Conquest_Airlines=Conquest Airlines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pacific_Air_Lines=Pacific Air Lines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bonanza_Air_Lines=Bonanza Air Lines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_Coast_Airlines=West Coast Airlines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Air_New_England=Air New England
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maddux_Air_Lines=Maddux Air Lines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Air_Transport=National Air Transport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atlantic_Island_Air=Atlantic Island Air
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aspen_Airways=Aspen Airways
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DELAG=DELAG
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caribair_(Puerto_Rico)=Caribair (Puerto Rico)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tortug'_Air=Tortug' Air
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pawan_Hans=Pawan Hans
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Midstate_Airlines=Midstate Airlines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cal_Air_International=Cal Air International
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orion_Airways=Orion Airways
http://dbpedia.org/resource/London_City_Airways=London City Airways
http://dbpedia.org/resource/British_Commonwealth_Pacific_Airlines=British Commonwealth Pacific Airlines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Airlines_(1983)=National Airlines (1983)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Papillon_Airways=Papillon Airways
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Air_Columbus=Air Columbus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cal_Sierra_Airlines=Cal Sierra Airlines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AB_Aerotransport=AB Aerotransport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norwegian_Air_Lines=Norwegian Air Lines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Air_Montserrat=Air Montserrat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karnali_Air=Karnali Air
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mountain_Air_(Nepal)=Mountain Air (Nepal)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flying_Dragon_Airlines=Flying Dragon Airlines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Impro_Airways=Impro Airways
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Asian_Airlines=Asian Airlines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shree_Airlines=Shree Airlines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Everest_Air=Everest Air
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johnsons_Air=Johnsons Air
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kalimantan_Air_Service=Kalimantan Air Service
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Japan_Airlines_Domestic=Japan Airlines Domestic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St_Barth_Commuter=St Barth Commuter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jetalliance=Jetalliance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kirov_Air_Enterprise=Kirov Air Enterprise
http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_Air_(United_States)=West Air (United States)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/JetGreen_Airways=JetGreen Airways
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Magenta_Air=Magenta Air
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Malta_Air_Charter=Malta Air Charter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MasAir=MasAir
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brockway_Air=Brockway Air
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mondair=Mondair
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Airways_Gabon=National Airways Gabon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aroostook_Airways=Aroostook Airways
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Air-Speed_Inc=Air-Speed Inc
http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_Cariboo_Air=North Cariboo Air
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Air_Pennsylvania=Air Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Midwest_Aviation=Midwest Aviation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Air_Kentucky=Air Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Essair_Airways=Essair Airways
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Air_Vermont=Air Vermont
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mihin_Lanka=Mihin Lanka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aeroput=Aeroput
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tyrolean_Jet_Services=Tyrolean Jet Services
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RAF-Avia=RAF-Avia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Regional_Pacific_Airlines=Regional Pacific Airlines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Penobscot_Island_Air=Penobscot Island Air
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Business_Express_Airlines=Business Express Airlines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mordovia_Airlines=Mordovia Airlines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Island_Air_Charters=Island Air Charters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mayflower_Airlines=Mayflower Airlines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lloyd_International_Airways=Lloyd International Airways
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Citelynx=Citelynx
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aerotaxi=Aerotaxi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mall_Airways=Mall Airways
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Challenger_Airlines=Challenger Airlines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jetair_(Germany)=Jetair (Germany)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Australian_National_Airways_(1930)=Australian National Airways (1930)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Borneo_Airways=Borneo Airways
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Commuter_Airlines=Commuter Airlines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cosmopolitan_Airlines=Cosmopolitan Airlines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Downeast_Airlines=Downeast Airlines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AerianTur-M=AerianTur-M
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norfolk_Air=Norfolk Air
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BA_CityFlyer=BA CityFlyer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iona_National_Airways=Iona National Airways
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lapsa=Lapsa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Airlines_Tonga=Airlines Tonga
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Handley_Page_Transport=Handley Page Transport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Air_Charter_Service=Air Charter Service
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilderness_Air=Wilderness Air
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mack_Air=Mack Air
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caribbean_Helicopters=Caribbean Helicopters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Island_Airways=Island Airways
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abaco_Air=Abaco Air
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Golden_Wings_Charters=Golden Wings Charters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flamingo_Air=Flamingo Air
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Millennium_Aviation=Millennium Aviation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Air_Charter_Bahamas=Air Charter Bahamas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Japan_Air_Transport=Japan Air Transport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Firefly_(airline)=Firefly (airline)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Global_Airways_(Turks_and_Caicos)=Global Airways (Turks and Caicos)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aeropro=Aeropro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Malinair=Malinair
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aerosegovia=Aerosegovia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/E-Liner_Airways=E-Liner Airways
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deruluft=Deruluft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Japan_Domestic_Airlines=Japan Domestic Airlines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aladia_Airlines=Aladia Airlines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baires_Fly=Baires Fly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Axis_Lines_International=Axis Lines International
http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_Central_Airlines=North Central Airlines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arctic_Sunwest_Charters=Arctic Sunwest Charters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bristow_Helicopters=Bristow Helicopters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Air_Dravida=Air Dravida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/JetSul=JetSul
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aeropostal_Alas_de_Centroamerica=Aeropostal Alas de Centroamerica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AeroEjecutiva=AeroEjecutiva
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NLM_CityHopper=NLM CityHopper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Smokers_Express=Smokers Express
http://dbpedia.org/resource/2GO_(cargo_airline)=2GO (cargo airline)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/FlyWhoosh=FlyWhoosh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Air_Chaparral=Air Chaparral
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Central_Connect_Airlines=Central Connect Airlines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kiwijet=Kiwijet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Millennium_Airlines=Millennium Airlines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Destination_Air_Shuttle=Destination Air Shuttle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Imperial_Airlines=Imperial Airlines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flair_Airlines=Flair Airlines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grixona=Grixona
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BMI_Regional=BMI Regional
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Instone_Air_Line=Instone Air Line
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Magic_Bird=Magic Bird
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atlantic_North_Airlines=Atlantic North Airlines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aeronord=Aeronord
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Air_Anglia=Air Anglia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mexicana_Cargo=Mexicana Cargo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/McClain_Airlines=McClain Airlines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CityJet_(New_Zealand)=CityJet (New Zealand)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Air_Cortez=Air Cortez
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Afro_Continental_Airways=Afro Continental Airways
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orca_Airways=Orca Airways
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Air_West_Coast=Air West Coast
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DAC_Air=DAC Air
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crilly_Airways=Crilly Airways
http://dbpedia.org/resource/City_Express=City Express
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Air_New_Zealand_Link=Air New Zealand Link
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Western_Air=Western Air
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bahrain_Air=Bahrain Air
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jin_Air=Jin Air
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Helitours=Helitours
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daimler_Airway=Daimler Airway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Midlands_Air_Ambulance=Midlands Air Ambulance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canadian_Airways=Canadian Airways
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Namibia_Commercial_Aviation=Namibia Commercial Aviation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Euroberlin_France=Euroberlin France
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Air_France=Air France
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emerald_Air_(United_States)=Emerald Air (United States)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emerald_Air_(1995)=Emerald Air (1995)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aeromech_Airlines=Aeromech Airlines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Air_Illinois=Air Illinois
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Airlift_International=Airlift International
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Air_Oregon=Air Oregon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Catalina_Air_Lines=Catalina Air Lines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lone_Star_Airlines=Lone Star Airlines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kitty_Hawk_Airways=Kitty Hawk Airways
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Golden_Pacific_Airlines=Golden Pacific Airlines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mountain_Air_Express=Mountain Air Express
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lakeland_Airlines=Lakeland Airlines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Centennial_Airlines=Centennial Airlines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paradise_Island_Airlines=Paradise Island Airlines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Air_Pacific_(United_States)=Air Pacific (United States)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cochise_Airlines=Cochise Airlines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canadian_Colonial_Airways=Canadian Colonial Airways
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colonial_Airlines_(Canada)=Colonial Airlines (Canada)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eastar_Jet=Eastar Jet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Golden_Gate_Airlines=Golden Gate Airlines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gem_State_Airlines=Gem State Airlines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CCAir=CCAir
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MAP_Jet=MAP Jet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ZanAir=ZanAir
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Berlin_European_UK=Berlin European UK
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Avion_Express=Avion Express
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adlair_Aviation=Adlair Aviation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aerocancun=Aerocancun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Air_Alsace=Air Alsace
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Air_Commerz=Air Commerz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Air_Siam=Air Siam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alisarda=Alisarda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Balair=Balair
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bavaria_Germanair=Bavaria Germanair
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bavaria_Fluggesellschaft=Bavaria Fluggesellschaft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Berline_(airline)=Berline (airline)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cambrian_Airways=Cambrian Airways
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Okada_Air=Okada Air
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Malert=Malert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CFRNA=CFRNA
http://dbpedia.org/resource/EAS_Europe_Airlines=EAS Europe Airlines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/British_Marine_Air_Navigation_Co_Ltd=British Marine Air Navigation Co Ltd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Excalibur_Airways=Excalibur Airways
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fortunair=Fortunair
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fred._Olsen_Airtransport=Fred. Olsen Airtransport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/German_Wings=German Wings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Independent_Air=Independent Air
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Invicta_International_Airlines=Invicta International Airlines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jet_24=Jet 24
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Millardair=Millardair
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Minerve_(airline)=Minerve (airline)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Montana_Austria=Montana Austria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aero_Trasporti_Italiani=Aero Trasporti Italiani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Komiavia=Komiavia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Airtex_Aviation=Airtex Aviation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_African_Airways_Corporation=West African Airways Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kootenay_Direct_Airlines=Kootenay Direct Airlines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jet_Asia=Jet Asia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vayudoot=Vayudoot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Astra_Airlines=Astra Airlines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Air_Phoenix=Air Phoenix
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Airworld=Airworld
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apisa_Air_Cargo=Apisa Air Cargo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lionair_(Luxembourg)=Lionair (Luxembourg)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Transocean_Airlines=Transocean Airlines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TUR_European_Airways=TUR European Airways
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Air_Busan=Air Busan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GainJet_Aviation=GainJet Aviation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/InterJet=InterJet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Air_Union=Air Union
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grossmann_Jet_Service=Grossmann Jet Service
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomson_Airways=Thomson Airways
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alitalia_CityLiner=Alitalia CityLiner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mindanao_Express=Mindanao Express
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mexicargo=Mexicargo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Halisa_Air=Halisa Air
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Binter_Mediterraneo=Binter Mediterraneo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sky_Work_Airlines=Sky Work Airlines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Air_Belgium=Air Belgium
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Small_Planet_Airlines=Small Planet Airlines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Airship_Ventures=Airship Ventures
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aviaarktika=Aviaarktika
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ukrvozdukhput=Ukrvozdukhput
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jes_Air=Jes Air
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baikal_Airlines=Baikal Airlines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Family_Airlines=Family Airlines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dana_Air=Dana Air
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Starlink_Aviation=Starlink Aviation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blink_(airline)=Blink (airline)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Airflight=Airflight
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Global_Air_(Australian_airline)=Global Air (Australian airline)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cimber_Sterling=Cimber Sterling
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Interivoire=Interivoire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Metro_Airlines=Metro Airlines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Propair=Propair
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bond_Offshore_Helicopters=Bond Offshore Helicopters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Avair=Avair
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pet_Airways=Pet Airways
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Island_Birds=Island Birds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Florida_Express=Florida Express
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Air_Kazakhstan=Air Kazakhstan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Continental_Air_Services,_Inc=Continental Air Services, Inc
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aerovias_Brasil=Aerovias Brasil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Olympic_Air=Olympic Air
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Air_L.A.=Air L.A.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flandre_Air=Flandre Air
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ryan_Air_Services=Ryan Air Services
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Austin_Express=Austin Express
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Air_Niger=Air Niger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Misr_Overseas_Airways=Misr Overseas Airways
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Go!_Mokulele=Go! Mokulele
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fly_Hellas=Fly Hellas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ontario_Central_Airlines=Ontario Central Airlines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ASKY_Airlines=ASKY Airlines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bin_Air=Bin Air
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Varig=Varig
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crown_Airways=Crown Airways
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Congo_Express=Congo Express
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Branson_Air_Express=Branson Air Express
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aer_Arann_Islands=Aer Arann Islands
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silver_Air_(Czech_Republic)=Silver Air (Czech Republic)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eastern_Canada_Air_Lines=Eastern Canada Air Lines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Air_Fecteau=Air Fecteau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aeronorte=Aeronorte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aero_Geral=Aero Geral
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grant_Aviation=Grant Aviation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Air_Vias=Air Vias
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aerolloyd_Iguassu=Aerolloyd Iguassu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SkyAir=SkyAir
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thai_Tiger_Airways=Thai Tiger Airways
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Viabras=Viabras
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tibet_Airlines=Tibet Airlines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/T'way_Airlines=T'way Airlines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aermediterranea=Aermediterranea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_Pacific_Airlines=North Pacific Airlines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AeroLyon=AeroLyon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Falcon_Airways=Falcon Airways
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ram_Air_Freight=Ram Air Freight
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Equaflight=Equaflight
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BVI_Airways=BVI Airways
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stobart_Air=Stobart Air
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mega_Maldives=Mega Maldives
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SARO_(airline)=SARO (airline)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sunrise_Airways=Sunrise Airways
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Air_BVI=Air BVI
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wasaya_Airways=Wasaya Airways
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Czech_Connect_Airlines=Czech Connect Airlines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flyme_(Villa_Air)=Flyme (Villa Air)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Velvet_Sky_(airline)=Velvet Sky (airline)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/British_Airways_Limited=British Airways Limited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lease_Corporation_International=Lease Corporation International
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fly_6ix=Fly 6ix
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Air_Caribbean_(Puerto_Rico)=Air Caribbean (Puerto Rico)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/European_Air_Transport_Leipzig=European Air Transport Leipzig
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Asian_Wings_Airways=Asian Wings Airways
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AirAsia_Philippines=AirAsia Philippines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fly_Guam=Fly Guam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sol_del_Paraguay=Sol del Paraguay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Latavio=Latavio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sunny_Airways=Sunny Airways
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hebei_Airlines=Hebei Airlines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flybe_Nordic=Flybe Nordic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kaltim_Airlines=Kaltim Airlines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nordic_Global_Airlines=Nordic Global Airlines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thai_Smile=Thai Smile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kan_Air=Kan Air
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Southern_Star_Airlines=Southern Star Airlines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norsk_Forurensningskontroll=Norsk Forurensningskontroll
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bluebird_Airways=Bluebird Airways
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fastjet=Fastjet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Comtel_Air=Comtel Air
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Companhia_Meridional_de_Transportes=Companhia Meridional de Transportes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Streamline_Air=Streamline Air
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bergen_Aviation=Bergen Aviation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aerovias_Minas_Gerais=Aerovias Minas Gerais
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iberia_Express=Iberia Express
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scoot=Scoot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Damania_Airways=Damania Airways
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Van_Air_Europe=Van Air Europe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mid-Sea_Express=Mid-Sea Express
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Island_Airlines=Island Airlines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/WOW_air=WOW air
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CM_Airlines=CM Airlines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flight_Express,_Inc.=Flight Express, Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Suckling_Airways=Suckling Airways
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Volotea=Volotea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tempair_International_Airlines=Tempair International Airlines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ata_Airlines=Ata Airlines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tashi_Air=Tashi Air
http://dbpedia.org/resource/People_Express_Airlines_(2010s)=People Express Airlines (2010s)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Livingston_Compagnia_Aerea=Livingston Compagnia Aerea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alliance_Air_(Uganda)=Alliance Air (Uganda)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RVL_Aviation=RVL Aviation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fly_Georgia=Fly Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hermes_Airlines=Hermes Airlines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Minoan_Air=Minoan Air
http://dbpedia.org/resource/LAPE=LAPE
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cronos_Airlines=Cronos Airlines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sky_Gabon=Sky Gabon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Afric_Aviation=Afric Aviation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swiftair_Bahrain=Swiftair Bahrain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sky_Angkor_Airlines=Sky Angkor Airlines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aeolian_Airlines=Aeolian Airlines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Al_Sayegh_Airlines=Al Sayegh Airlines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Puebla_Air_Lines=Puebla Air Lines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gambia_Bird=Gambia Bird
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Air_Indus=Air Indus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Airumbria=Airumbria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Helicopters_(NZ)=Helicopters (NZ)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bingo_Airways=Bingo Airways
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Batik_Air=Batik Air
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gatari_Air_Service=Gatari Air Service
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ambica_Airlines=Ambica Airlines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Novoair=Novoair
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SunExpress_Deutschland=SunExpress Deutschland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Omega_Aerial_Refueling_Services=Omega Aerial Refueling Services
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cinnamon_Air=Cinnamon Air
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quassar=Quassar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eaglexpress=Eaglexpress
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Malindo_Air=Malindo Air
http://dbpedia.org/resource/U_Airlines=U Airlines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Korea_Express_Air=Korea Express Air
http://dbpedia.org/resource/FlyNonstop=FlyNonstop
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AirAsia_India=AirAsia India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cimber_(airline)=Cimber (airline)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SkyGreece_Airlines=SkyGreece Airlines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Air_Canada_Rouge=Air Canada Rouge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/British_Continental_Airways=British Continental Airways
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Airlink_(helicopter_shuttle_service)=Airlink (helicopter shuttle service)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Air_South_(Georgia)=Air South (Georgia)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fly_Jamaica_Airways=Fly Jamaica Airways
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pegasus_Asia=Pegasus Asia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sky_Bishkek=Sky Bishkek
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Regional_Air=Regional Air
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tropical_Air=Tropical Air
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tanzanair=Tanzanair
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flightlink=Flightlink
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Air_Excel=Air Excel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Auric_Air=Auric Air
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Safari_Plus=Safari Plus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cargolux_Italia=Cargolux Italia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cherry_Red_Airline=Cherry Red Airline
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kaz_Air_Trans=Kaz Air Trans
http://dbpedia.org/resource/HOP!=HOP!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NEPC_Airlines=NEPC Airlines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Air_Tanzania_Corporation=Air Tanzania Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kerala_Seaplane=Kerala Seaplane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Surf_Air=Surf Air
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Odyssey_Airlines=Odyssey Airlines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atlantic_Star_Airlines=Atlantic Star Airlines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Southern_Airways_Express=Southern Airways Express
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guine_Bissau_Airlines_(2002)=Guine Bissau Airlines (2002)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norwegian_Long_Haul=Norwegian Long Haul
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Go2Sky=Go2Sky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Air_Serbia=Air Serbia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Malawian_Airlines=Malawian Airlines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canaryfly=Canaryfly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Interbrasil_STAR=Interbrasil STAR
http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_Libya_Airlines=United Libya Airlines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trans_Arabia_Airways=Trans Arabia Airways
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karinou_Airlines=Karinou Airlines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Northern_Air_(Canada)=Northern Air (Canada)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Asia_Atlantic_Airlines=Asia Atlantic Airlines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/LANICA=LANICA
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spring_Airlines_Japan=Spring Airlines Japan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Delta_Connection=Delta Connection
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Delta_Express=Delta Express
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Small_Planet_Airlines_(Italy)=Small Planet Airlines (Italy)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zagros_Airlines=Zagros Airlines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Loong_Air=Loong Air
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Air_Tchad=Air Tchad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wat_Phnom_Airlines=Wat Phnom Airlines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Air_Costa=Air Costa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Air_Centrafrique=Air Centrafrique
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ticos_Air=Ticos Air
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Air_Brousse=Air Brousse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aurora_(airline)=Aurora (airline)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ellinair=Ellinair
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ABM_Air=ABM Air
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ewa_Air=Ewa Air
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Airways_International=Airways International
http://dbpedia.org/resource/EcoJet_(airline)=EcoJet (airline)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/US-Bangla_Airlines=US-Bangla Airlines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monacair=Monacair
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rhein-Neckar_Air=Rhein-Neckar Air
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goma_Air=Goma Air
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jambojet=Jambojet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norwegian_Air_Shuttle_/_Norwegian_Long_Haul_tail_art=Norwegian Air Shuttle / Norwegian Long Haul tail art
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tradewind_Aviation=Tradewind Aviation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Air_Cargo_Mongolia=Air Cargo Mongolia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heli_Air=Heli Air
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Links_Air=Links Air
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Veca_Airlines=Veca Airlines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buzz_Airways=Buzz Airways
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Skyline_(Sweden)=Skyline (Sweden)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Qingdao_Airlines=Qingdao Airlines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Douniah_Airlines=Douniah Airlines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eagle_Atlantic_Airlines=Eagle Atlantic Airlines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Africa's_Connection_STP=Africa's Connection STP
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mainland_Air=Mainland Air
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Air_Caucasus=Air Caucasus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/East_Horizon_Airlines=East Horizon Airlines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Afghan_Jet_International=Afghan Jet International
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Air_Incheon=Air Incheon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/South_Supreme_Airlines=South Supreme Airlines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dobrolet_(low-cost_airline)=Dobrolet (low-cost airline)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greenland_Express=Greenland Express
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vistara=Vistara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/People_Express_Airlines_(1980s)=People Express Airlines (1980s)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meraj_Airlines=Meraj Airlines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zimbabwe_flyafrica.com=Zimbabwe flyafrica.com
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phoenix_Airways=Phoenix Airways
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sideral_Air_Cargo=Sideral Air Cargo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guy-America_Airways=Guy-America Airways
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gujarat_Airways=Gujarat Airways
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sepahan_Airlines=Sepahan Airlines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eastern_Air_Lines_(2015)=Eastern Air Lines (2015)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Himalayan_Airlines=Himalayan Airlines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cambodia_Bayon_Airlines=Cambodia Bayon Airlines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aerolot=Aerolot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Noordzee_Helikopters_Vlaanderen=Noordzee Helikopters Vlaanderen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Air_Andorra=Air Andorra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pineapple_Air=Pineapple Air
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apsara_International_Air=Apsara International Air
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bassaka_Air=Bassaka Air
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Urumqi_Air=Urumqi Air
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hawa_Air=Hawa Air
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pobeda_(airline)=Pobeda (airline)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hermes_Aviation=Hermes Aviation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Palau_Pacific_Airways=Palau Pacific Airways
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Agderfly=Agderfly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bosnian_Wand_Airlines=Bosnian Wand Airlines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Newmans_Air=Newmans Air
http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_Norway_Airlines=West Norway Airlines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Air_Stord=Air Stord
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atrak_Air=Atrak Air
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alas_Uruguay=Alas Uruguay
