http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abbotsford_House=Abbotsford House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arc_de_Triomphe=Arc de Triomphe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bank_of_China_Tower_(Hong_Kong)=Bank of China Tower (Hong Kong)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CN_Tower=CN Tower
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chrysler_Building=Chrysler Building
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Central_Plaza_(Hong_Kong)=Central Plaza (Hong Kong)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eiffel_Tower=Eiffel Tower
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Empire_State_Building=Empire State Building
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eden_Project=Eden Project
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hopewell_Centre_(Hong_Kong)=Hopewell Centre (Hong Kong)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Midway_Atoll=Midway Atoll
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_York_Stock_Exchange=New York Stock Exchange
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spindletop=Spindletop
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Semi-Automatic_Ground_Environment=Semi-Automatic Ground Environment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Willis_Tower=Willis Tower
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sydney_Opera_House=Sydney Opera House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/London_Eye=London Eye
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Center=The Center
http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States_Capitol=United States Capitol
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Villa_Savoye=Villa Savoye
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Palace_of_Culture_and_Science=Palace of Culture and Science
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sutter's_Fort=Sutter's Fort
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Metropolitan_Museum_of_Art=Metropolitan Museum of Art
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Los_Alamos_National_Laboratory=Los Alamos National Laboratory
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lullingstone_Roman_Villa=Lullingstone Roman Villa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Millennium_Dome=Millennium Dome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Hancock_Center=John Hancock Center
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aon_Center_(Chicago)=Aon Center (Chicago)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hotel_Chelsea=Hotel Chelsea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fort_Ticonderoga=Fort Ticonderoga
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manzanar=Manzanar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fishbourne_Roman_Palace=Fishbourne Roman Palace
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fort_Montgomery_(Hudson_River)=Fort Montgomery (Hudson River)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Annesley_Hall=Annesley Hall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lincoln_Memorial=Lincoln Memorial
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gateway_Arch=Gateway Arch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Elizabeths_Hospital=St. Elizabeths Hospital
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Centre_Georges_Pompidou=Centre Georges Pompidou
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Second_Bank_of_the_United_States=Second Bank of the United States
http://dbpedia.org/resource/First_Bank_of_the_United_States=First Bank of the United States
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sleepy_Hollow_Cemetery=Sleepy Hollow Cemetery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trinity_(nuclear_test)=Trinity (nuclear test)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Transamerica_Pyramid=Transamerica Pyramid
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boys_Town_(organization)=Boys Town (organization)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Les_Invalides=Les Invalides
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dartford_Crossing=Dartford Crossing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tour_Montparnasse=Tour Montparnasse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mare_Island_Naval_Shipyard=Mare Island Naval Shipyard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tribune_Tower=Tribune Tower
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chatsworth_House=Chatsworth House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Letchworth_State_Park=Letchworth State Park
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grande_Arche=Grande Arche
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Osborne_House=Osborne House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Whirlwind_I=Whirlwind I
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atomium=Atomium
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sheldonian_Theatre=Sheldonian Theatre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lowell_Observatory=Lowell Observatory
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Crystal_Palace=The Crystal Palace
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Graceland=Graceland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Risser's_Mill_Covered_Bridge=Risser's Mill Covered Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fulton_Opera_House=Fulton Opera House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clarendon_Building=Clarendon Building
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Radcliffe_Camera=Radcliffe Camera
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cologne_Cathedral=Cologne Cathedral
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St_David's_Cathedral=St David's Cathedral
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Royal_Pavilion=Royal Pavilion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anne_Hathaway's_Cottage=Anne Hathaway's Cottage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mall_of_America=Mall of America
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scouting_in_Arkansas=Scouting in Arkansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Solomon_R._Guggenheim_Museum=Solomon R. Guggenheim Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/King_David_Hotel=King David Hotel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Castle_Howard=Castle Howard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Petronas_Towers=Petronas Towers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_Grosvenor_Dale=North Grosvenor Dale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/20_Forthlin_Road=20 Forthlin Road
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kennywood=Kennywood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Calke_Abbey=Calke Abbey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Astley_Hall=Astley Hall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alamo_Mission_in_San_Antonio=Alamo Mission in San Antonio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wartburg=Wartburg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Het_Loo_Palace=Het Loo Palace
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Newstead_Abbey=Newstead Abbey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steward's_Lodge=Steward's Lodge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samlesbury_Hall=Samlesbury Hall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tokyo_Tower=Tokyo Tower
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dakota=The Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harewood_House=Harewood House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colditz_Castle=Colditz Castle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Perkins_Township,_Maine=Perkins Township, Maine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fort_Snelling=Fort Snelling
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bretton_Hall,_West_Yorkshire=Bretton Hall, West Yorkshire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nether_Poppleton_Tithebarn=Nether Poppleton Tithebarn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Long_Island_Motor_Parkway=Long Island Motor Parkway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leinster_House=Leinster House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brandenburg_Gate=Brandenburg Gate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sather_Tower=Sather Tower
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hull_House=Hull House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oglethorpe_University=Oglethorpe University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rockefeller_Center=Rockefeller Center
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Green-Wood_Cemetery=Green-Wood Cemetery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zilker_Park=Zilker Park
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Old_Faithful_Inn=Old Faithful Inn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barton_Springs=Barton Springs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saint_Anthony_Falls=Saint Anthony Falls
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spire_of_Dublin=Spire of Dublin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/General_Post_Office,_Dublin=General Post Office, Dublin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fort_Vancouver=Fort Vancouver
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Commerzbank_Tower=Commerzbank Tower
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Royal_Albert_Hall=Royal Albert Hall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hammerwood_Park=Hammerwood Park
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BT_Tower=BT Tower
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blair_House=Blair House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fox_Plaza_(Los_Angeles)=Fox Plaza (Los Angeles)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/International_Finance_Centre=International Finance Centre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shugborough_Hall=Shugborough Hall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_Canada_Square=One Canada Square
http://dbpedia.org/resource/30_St_Mary_Axe=30 St Mary Axe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/251_Menlove_Avenue=251 Menlove Avenue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friar_Park=Friar Park
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tower_42=Tower 42
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Headquarters_of_the_United_Nations=Headquarters of the United Nations
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Centre_Point=Centre Point
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Radburn,_New_Jersey=Radburn, New Jersey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mansion_House,_Dublin=Mansion House, Dublin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philadelphia_Naval_Shipyard=Philadelphia Naval Shipyard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reform_Club=Reform Club
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wat_Xieng_Thong=Wat Xieng Thong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taipei_101=Taipei 101
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Family_History_Library=Family History Library
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alamut_Castle=Alamut Castle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adler_Planetarium=Adler Planetarium
http://dbpedia.org/resource/City_Hall,_London=City Hall, London
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barbican_Estate=Barbican Estate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lucy_the_Elephant=Lucy the Elephant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Washington_National_Cathedral=Washington National Cathedral
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boston_Navy_Yard=Boston Navy Yard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fort_Christina=Fort Christina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reichstag_building=Reichstag building
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Politics_and_the_English_Language=Politics and the English Language
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Public_Record_Office=Public Record Office
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lake_Washington_Ship_Canal=Lake Washington Ship Canal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fort_Sam_Houston=Fort Sam Houston
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lodge_(Australia)=The Lodge (Australia)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/10_Downing_Street=10 Downing Street
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Franklin_Institute=Franklin Institute
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hacienda_(Milpitas_Ranchhouse)=The Hacienda (Milpitas Ranchhouse)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indianapolis_Motor_Speedway=Indianapolis Motor Speedway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sailing_at_the_1900_Summer_Olympics=Sailing at the 1900 Summer Olympics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philadelphia_Stock_Exchange=Philadelphia Stock Exchange
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Delaware_and_Raritan_Canal=Delaware and Raritan Canal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Borobudur=Borobudur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greenville_College=Greenville College
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fort_Western=Fort Western
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Neuschwanstein_Castle=Neuschwanstein Castle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hagley_Museum_and_Library=Hagley Museum and Library
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PAVE_PAWS=PAVE PAWS
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Space_Needle=Space Needle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trinity_Church_(Manhattan)=Trinity Church (Manhattan)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Patrick's_Cathedral_(Manhattan)=St. Patrick's Cathedral (Manhattan)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eames_House=Eames House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rugby,_Tennessee=Rugby, Tennessee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flatiron_Building=Flatiron Building
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Concertgebouw=Concertgebouw
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Folger_Shakespeare_Library=Folger Shakespeare Library
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Castle_Drogo=Castle Drogo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sky_Tower_(Auckland)=Sky Tower (Auckland)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glyndebourne=Glyndebourne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Puck_Building=Puck Building
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Winchester_Mystery_House=Winchester Mystery House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vehicle_Assembly_Building=Vehicle Assembly Building
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Woolworth_Building=Woolworth Building
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chautauqua_Institution=Chautauqua Institution
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cranbrook_Educational_Community=Cranbrook Educational Community
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cooper_Union=Cooper Union
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Omega_(navigation_system)=Omega (navigation system)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wright_Cycle_Company=Wright Cycle Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Symphony_Hall,_Boston=Symphony Hall, Boston
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Erechtheion=Erechtheion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cyberport=Cyberport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Appomattox_Court_House=Appomattox Court House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Southwark_Cathedral=Southwark Cathedral
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cemetery_of_the_Evergreens=Cemetery of the Evergreens
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Big_Chicken=Big Chicken
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dwight_Presbyterian_Mission=Dwight Presbyterian Mission
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Smith_Tower=Smith Tower
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hermitage_(Nashville,_Tennessee)=The Hermitage (Nashville, Tennessee)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sather_Gate=Sather Gate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brook_Farm=Brook Farm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roppongi_Hills=Roppongi Hills
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pioneer_Square,_Seattle=Pioneer Square, Seattle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bonaventure_Cemetery=Bonaventure Cemetery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Windsor_Ruins=Windsor Ruins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Macau_Tower=Macau Tower
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Golden_Gate_(Jerusalem)=Golden Gate (Jerusalem)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Omni_Bedford_Springs_Resort=Omni Bedford Springs Resort
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Government_House,_Canberra=Government House, Canberra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blackpool_Tower=Blackpool Tower
http://dbpedia.org/resource/8_Canada_Square=8 Canada Square
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cape_Canaveral_Air_Force_Station=Cape Canaveral Air Force Station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Playboy_Mansion=Playboy Mansion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wang_Theatre=Wang Theatre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Villa_Tugendhat=Villa Tugendhat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hart_Senate_Office_Building=Hart Senate Office Building
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vidhana_Soudha=Vidhana Soudha
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apostolic_Palace=Apostolic Palace
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wewelsburg=Wewelsburg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Floyd_Bennett_Field=Floyd Bennett Field
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sheffield_Town_Hall=Sheffield Town Hall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harvard_Yard=Harvard Yard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dealey_Plaza=Dealey Plaza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sager_House=Sager House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stockholm_Palace=Stockholm Palace
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rosenbad=Rosenbad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Camp_Nelson_Confederate_Cemetery=Camp Nelson Confederate Cemetery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Millbank_Tower=Millbank Tower
http://dbpedia.org/resource/JPMorgan_Chase_Tower_(Houston)=JPMorgan Chase Tower (Houston)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beauvoir_(Biloxi,_Mississippi)=Beauvoir (Biloxi, Mississippi)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Superconducting_Cyclotron_Laboratory=National Superconducting Cyclotron Laboratory
http://dbpedia.org/resource/White_Sands_National_Monument=White Sands National Monument
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parliament_House,_Canberra=Parliament House, Canberra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Palace_of_the_Republic_(Berlin)=Palace of the Republic (Berlin)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bank_of_America_Plaza_(Atlanta)=Bank of America Plaza (Atlanta)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SunTrust_Plaza=SunTrust Plaza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_Atlantic_Center=One Atlantic Center
http://dbpedia.org/resource/191_Peachtree_Tower=191 Peachtree Tower
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Westin_Peachtree_Plaza_Hotel=Westin Peachtree Plaza Hotel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georgia-Pacific_Tower=Georgia-Pacific Tower
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Promenade_II=Promenade II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AT&T_Midtown_Center=AT&T Midtown Center
http://dbpedia.org/resource/U.S._Bank_Tower_(Los_Angeles)=U.S. Bank Tower (Los Angeles)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jiuquan_Satellite_Launch_Center=Jiuquan Satellite Launch Center
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seagram_Building=Seagram Building
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Great_Barr_Hall=Great Barr Hall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Birmingham_Central_Library=Birmingham Central Library
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hall_of_Memory,_Birmingham=Hall of Memory, Birmingham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cragside=Cragside
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harkness_Tower=Harkness Tower
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Berghof_(residence)=Berghof (residence)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kehlsteinhaus=Kehlsteinhaus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ryugyong_Hotel=Ryugyong Hotel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Birmingham_Town_Hall=Birmingham Town Hall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carpenter_Center_for_the_Visual_Arts=Carpenter Center for the Visual Arts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moshe_Aviv_Tower=Moshe Aviv Tower
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Multnomah_Falls=Multnomah Falls
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shalom_Meir_Tower=Shalom Meir Tower
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfred_P._Murrah_Federal_Building=Alfred P. Murrah Federal Building
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kingston_Lacy=Kingston Lacy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fallingwater=Fallingwater
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angels_Flight=Angels Flight
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Drum_Barracks=Drum Barracks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/KVLY-TV_mast=KVLY-TV mast
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ostankino_Tower=Ostankino Tower
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MetLife_Building=MetLife Building
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Time_Warner_Center=Time Warner Center
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Portcullis_House=Portcullis House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/London_County_Hall=London County Hall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colonial_National_Historical_Park=Colonial National Historical Park
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colonial_Williamsburg=Colonial Williamsburg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stockholm_City_Hall=Stockholm City Hall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fort_Niagara=Fort Niagara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/299_Queen_Street_West=299 Queen Street West
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hearst_Castle=Hearst Castle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Columbia_Center=Columbia Center
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ephrata_Cloister=Ephrata Cloister
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bank_of_America_Plaza_(Dallas)=Bank of America Plaza (Dallas)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Soo_Locks=Soo Locks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Warsaw_radio_mast=Warsaw radio mast
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_York_Botanical_Garden=New York Botanical Garden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sunsphere=Sunsphere
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apollo_Theater=Apollo Theater
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jefferson_Memorial=Jefferson Memorial
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isabella_Stewart_Gardner_Museum=Isabella Stewart Gardner Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_September_11_Memorial_&_Museum=National September 11 Memorial & Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Field_Museum_of_Natural_History=Field Museum of Natural History
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bishop_Asbury_Cottage=Bishop Asbury Cottage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/84_Avenue_Foch=84 Avenue Foch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richardville_House=Richardville House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lincoln_Bank_Tower=Lincoln Bank Tower
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Helix_(Dublin)=The Helix (Dublin)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St_Mary-le-Bow=St Mary-le-Bow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Eagle_and_Child=The Eagle and Child
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael's_Gate=Michael's Gate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Mary's_City,_Maryland=St. Mary's City, Maryland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coit_Tower=Coit Tower
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antelope_Valley_Indian_Museum_State_Historic_Park=Antelope Valley Indian Museum State Historic Park
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eltham_Palace=Eltham Palace
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Royal_Festival_Hall=Royal Festival Hall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/President_of_Ghana=President of Ghana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Old_Town_Hall_(Bratislava)=Old Town Hall (Bratislava)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/HSBC_Building_(Hong_Kong)=HSBC Building (Hong Kong)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chinese_People's_Liberation_Army_Forces_Hong_Kong_Building=Chinese People's Liberation Army Forces Hong Kong Building
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_A._Roebling_Suspension_Bridge=John A. Roebling Suspension Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boston_Common=Boston Common
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Belcourt_Castle=Belcourt Castle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Armory_Square=Armory Square
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Allen_County_Courthouse_(Indiana)=Allen County Courthouse (Indiana)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fort_Schuyler=Fort Schuyler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grant's_Tomb=Grant's Tomb
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rialto_Towers=Rialto Towers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Watts_Towers=Watts Towers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Queens_Library=Queens Library
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kremlin_Arsenal=Kremlin Arsenal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fort_William_and_Mary=Fort William and Mary
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jin_Mao_Tower=Jin Mao Tower
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oriental_Pearl_Tower=Oriental Pearl Tower
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hawthorne_Bridge=Hawthorne Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Merchandise_Mart=Merchandise Mart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chase_Tower_(Indianapolis)=Chase Tower (Indianapolis)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Greenbrier=The Greenbrier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canadian_Museum_of_Nature=Canadian Museum of Nature
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Foshay_Tower=Foshay Tower
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Watkin's_Tower=Watkin's Tower
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miles_Glacier_Bridge=Miles Glacier Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rothko_Chapel=Rothko Chapel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fort_Wayne_Old_City_Hall_Building=Fort Wayne Old City Hall Building
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sheffield_Winter_Garden=Sheffield Winter Garden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indian_Village,_Detroit=Indian Village, Detroit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Archives_Building=National Archives Building
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_George_Inn,_Southwark=The George Inn, Southwark
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Portland_Building=Portland Building
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Renaissance_Tower_(Dallas)=Renaissance Tower (Dallas)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Comerica_Bank_Tower=Comerica Bank Tower
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Palace_of_the_Dukes_of_Braganza=Palace of the Dukes of Braganza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tashkent_Tower=Tashkent Tower
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mills_College=Mills College
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fort_Myer=Fort Myer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Free_Trade_Hall=Free Trade Hall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Balfron_Tower=Balfron Tower
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eastern_State_Penitentiary=Eastern State Penitentiary
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_Hamilton_U.S._Custom_House=Alexander Hamilton U.S. Custom House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bowling_Green_(New_York_City)=Bowling Green (New York City)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pittock_Mansion=Pittock Mansion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Big_Tex=Big Tex
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fair_Park=Fair Park
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chase_Tower_(Dallas)=Chase Tower (Dallas)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fountain_Place=Fountain Place
http://dbpedia.org/resource/South_End,_Boston=South End, Boston
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Key_Tower=Key Tower
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Freedom_Tower_(Miami)=Freedom Tower (Miami)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spadina_House=Spadina House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Great_Lakes_Shipwreck_Museum=Great Lakes Shipwreck Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Williams_Tower=Williams Tower
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adolphus_Hotel=Adolphus Hotel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GE_Building=GE Building
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gamble_House_(Pasadena,_California)=Gamble House (Pasadena, California)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Locke,_California=Locke, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dighton_Rock=Dighton Rock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Farmleigh=Farmleigh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Somerset_House=Somerset House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Building_Museum=National Building Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bank_of_America_Center_(Houston)=Bank of America Center (Houston)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Union_Buildings=Union Buildings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Washington_Navy_Yard=Washington Navy Yard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brewster_Hospital=Brewster Hospital
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fairmount_Park=Fairmount Park
http://dbpedia.org/resource/U.S._Steel_Tower=U.S. Steel Tower
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Rylands_Library=John Rylands Library
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yinxu=Yinxu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Citigroup_Centre,_London=Citigroup Centre, London
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kiev_Pechersk_Lavra=Kiev Pechersk Lavra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pelican_Island_National_Wildlife_Refuge=Pelican Island National Wildlife Refuge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/70_Pine_Street=70 Pine Street
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lloyd's_building=Lloyd's building
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fernsehturm_Berlin=Fernsehturm Berlin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Red_Rocks_Park=Red Rocks Park
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_Worldwide_Plaza=One Worldwide Plaza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toronto-Dominion_Centre=Toronto-Dominion Centre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bran_Castle=Bran Castle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Workman_and_Temple_Family_Homestead_Museum=Workman and Temple Family Homestead Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elgin_Academy_(Elgin,_Illinois)=Elgin Academy (Elgin, Illinois)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wisconsin_State_Capitol=Wisconsin State Capitol
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bank_of_America_Corporate_Center=Bank of America Corporate Center
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Branch_Brook_Park=Branch Brook Park
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gateway_of_India=Gateway of India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St_George's_Cathedral,_Southwark=St George's Cathedral, Southwark
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Springhill_House=Springhill House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Metropolitan_State_Hospital_(California)=Metropolitan State Hospital (California)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shanghai_World_Financial_Center=Shanghai World Financial Center
http://dbpedia.org/resource/International_Commerce_Centre=International Commerce Centre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oscarshall=Oscarshall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Texas_State_Capitol=Texas State Capitol
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Royal_London_Hospital=Royal London Hospital
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Royal_Society_of_Chemistry=Royal Society of Chemistry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philadelphia_City_Hall=Philadelphia City Hall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eureka_Tower=Eureka Tower
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manchester_Town_Hall=Manchester Town Hall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Coronation_Tap=The Coronation Tap
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shedd_Aquarium=Shedd Aquarium
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Angel,_Islington=The Angel, Islington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Appomattox_Court_House_National_Historical_Park=Appomattox Court House National Historical Park
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Auburn_Cemetery=Mount Auburn Cemetery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Poplar_Forest=Poplar Forest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daniels_&_Fisher_Tower=Daniels & Fisher Tower
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goldstone_Deep_Space_Communications_Complex=Goldstone Deep Space Communications Complex
http://dbpedia.org/resource/W._E._B._Du_Bois_Library=W. E. B. Du Bois Library
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sydney_Tower=Sydney Tower
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hawaii_State_Capitol=Hawaii State Capitol
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aloha_Tower=Aloha Tower
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Experimental_Breeder_Reactor_I=Experimental Breeder Reactor I
http://dbpedia.org/resource/555_California_Street=555 California Street
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maryland_State_House=Maryland State House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Naval_War_College=Naval War College
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sheesh_Mahal_(Lahore_Fort)=Sheesh Mahal (Lahore Fort)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robie_House=Robie House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Haven_Green=New Haven Green
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arts_Centre_Melbourne=Arts Centre Melbourne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Palacio_de_Bellas_Artes=Palacio de Bellas Artes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Burj_Al_Arab=Burj Al Arab
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Euromast=Euromast
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Soestdijk_Palace=Soestdijk Palace
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ashton_Memorial=Ashton Memorial
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edmund_T._Pratt_Jr._School_of_Engineering=Edmund T. Pratt Jr. School of Engineering
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Niagara_Falls_State_Park=Niagara Falls State Park
http://dbpedia.org/resource/IDS_Center=IDS Center
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trinity_Church_Cemetery=Trinity Church Cemetery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Capella_Tower=Capella Tower
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Q1_(building)=Q1 (building)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Royal_Exhibition_Building=Royal Exhibition Building
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Milad_Tower=Milad Tower
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kuala_Lumpur_Tower=Kuala Lumpur Tower
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kiev_TV_Tower=Kiev TV Tower
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gerbrandy_Tower=Gerbrandy Tower
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Almaty_Tower=Almaty Tower
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Riga_Radio_and_TV_Tower=Riga Radio and TV Tower
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Torre_de_Collserola=Torre de Collserola
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Donauturm=Donauturm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saint_Petersburg_TV_Tower=Saint Petersburg TV Tower
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Home_Insurance_Building=Home Insurance Building
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bishop_Museum=Bishop Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Chamberlain_Memorial_Clock_Tower=Joseph Chamberlain Memorial Clock Tower
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parliament_House,_Stockholm=Parliament House, Stockholm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Great_Hall_of_the_People=Great Hall of the People
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barcelona_Pavilion=Barcelona Pavilion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Centre_for_Popular_Music=National Centre for Popular Music
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Springfield_Armory=Springfield Armory
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tuileries_Palace=Tuileries Palace
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baku_TV_Tower=Baku TV Tower
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tallinn_TV_Tower=Tallinn TV Tower
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zendstation_Smilde=Zendstation Smilde
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oklahoma_City_National_Memorial=Oklahoma City National Memorial
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kennesaw_Mountain_National_Battlefield_Park=Kennesaw Mountain National Battlefield Park
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Detroit_Institute_of_Arts=Detroit Institute of Arts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Auditorium_Building=Auditorium Building
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_Churchill_Place=One Churchill Place
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Southwark_Towers=Southwark Towers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/25_Bank_Street=25 Bank Street
http://dbpedia.org/resource/10_Upper_Bank_Street=10 Upper Bank Street
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CityPoint=CityPoint
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Helen's_(skyscraper)=St. Helen's (skyscraper)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/South_Bank_Tower=South Bank Tower
http://dbpedia.org/resource/99_Bishopsgate=99 Bishopsgate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ark,_London=The Ark, London
http://dbpedia.org/resource/State_of_Georgia_Building=State of Georgia Building
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Breakers=The Breakers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hillbrow_Tower=Hillbrow Tower
http://dbpedia.org/resource/N_Seoul_Tower=N Seoul Tower
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Porta_Nigra=Porta Nigra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mother_Bethel_A.M.E._Church=Mother Bethel A.M.E. Church
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Castle_of_Salir=Castle of Salir
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peebles_Island_State_Park=Peebles Island State Park
http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_Potomac_Park=West Potomac Park
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MacDowell_Colony=MacDowell Colony
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Burden_Iron_Works=Burden Iron Works
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Admiral_Duncan=The Admiral Duncan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rocky_Flats_Plant=Rocky Flats Plant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wollaton_Hall=Wollaton Hall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fernsehturm_Stuttgart=Fernsehturm Stuttgart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Royal_Australian_Mint=Royal Australian Mint
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Erasmus_Hall_High_School=Erasmus Hall High School
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hiram_M._Chittenden_Locks=Hiram M. Chittenden Locks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/40_Wall_Street=40 Wall Street
http://dbpedia.org/resource/College_of_Charleston=College of Charleston
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Price_Tower=Price Tower
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eltz_Castle=Eltz Castle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CITIC_Plaza=CITIC Plaza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shun_Hing_Square=Shun Hing Square
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Honolulu_Hale=Honolulu Hale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/King_Ranch=King Ranch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eads_Bridge=Eads Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elstree_Studios=Elstree Studios
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Broadcasting_House=Broadcasting House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Basilica_of_St._Francis_Xavier,_Dyersville=Basilica of St. Francis Xavier, Dyersville
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Millennium_Point_(Birmingham)=Millennium Point (Birmingham)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Olympiaturm=Olympiaturm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fort_Ross,_California=Fort Ross, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brooklyn_Museum=Brooklyn Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bale_Grist_Mill_State_Historic_Park=Bale Grist Mill State Historic Park
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benicia_Capitol_State_Historic_Park=Benicia Capitol State Historic Park
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bidwell_Mansion_State_Historic_Park=Bidwell Mansion State Historic Park
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Espada_Acequia=Espada Acequia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sailing_at_the_1980_Summer_Olympics=Sailing at the 1980 Summer Olympics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Owens_Park=Owens Park
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Newport_Tower_(Jersey_City)=Newport Tower (Jersey City)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Urbis=Urbis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tenterfield_School_of_Arts=Tenterfield School of Arts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jatiyo_Sangsad_Bhaban=Jatiyo Sangsad Bhaban
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luxembourg_Palace=Luxembourg Palace
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Terrace_Hill=Terrace Hill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carrollton,_New_Orleans=Carrollton, New Orleans
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sagamore_Hill_(house)=Sagamore Hill (house)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/San_Juan_del_Puerto,_Florida=San Juan del Puerto, Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Borley_Rectory=Borley Rectory
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Minnesota_Morris=University of Minnesota Morris
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Watergate_complex=Watergate complex
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dominion_Astrophysical_Observatory=Dominion Astrophysical Observatory
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Morris_Canal=Morris Canal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kildrummy_Castle=Kildrummy Castle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coral_Castle=Coral Castle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Memphis_Pyramid=Memphis Pyramid
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Avala_Tower=Avala Tower
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Curwood_Castle=Curwood Castle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fort_Macon_State_Park=Fort Macon State Park
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_B._Umstead_State_Park=William B. Umstead State Park
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Langevin_Block=Langevin Block
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Old_Louisville=Old Louisville
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Battle_of_Kinston=Battle of Kinston
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Holmdel_Horn_Antenna=Holmdel Horn Antenna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cornerhouse=Cornerhouse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wadsworth_Atheneum=Wadsworth Atheneum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Julien_Dubuque_Bridge=Julien Dubuque Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dubuque_County_Courthouse=Dubuque County Courthouse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sleepy_Hollow_Cemetery_(Concord,_Massachusetts)=Sleepy Hollow Cemetery (Concord, Massachusetts)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Metairie_Cemetery=Metairie Cemetery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grand_Forks_Herald=Grand Forks Herald
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Griffith_Observatory=Griffith Observatory
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lane_College=Lane College
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Triumph_Palace=Triumph Palace
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Horseshoe_Curve_(Pennsylvania)=Horseshoe Curve (Pennsylvania)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Raphael's_Cathedral_(Dubuque,_Iowa)=St. Raphael's Cathedral (Dubuque, Iowa)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fort_Mackinac=Fort Mackinac
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fort_Michilimackinac=Fort Michilimackinac
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Melbourne_Town_Hall=Melbourne Town Hall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fort_Verde_State_Historic_Park=Fort Verde State Historic Park
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anacostia=Anacostia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bay_View,_Michigan=Bay View, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Groucho_Club=Groucho Club
http://dbpedia.org/resource/German_Village=German Village
http://dbpedia.org/resource/College_of_Wooster=College of Wooster
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paramount_Theatre_(Oakland,_California)=Paramount Theatre (Oakland, California)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Utrecht_Reformed_Church=New Utrecht Reformed Church
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ent_AFB_Defense_Area=Ent AFB Defense Area
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Old_North_Church=Old North Church
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hotel_Marshall=Hotel Marshall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Royal_Mausoleum_of_Hawaii=Royal Mausoleum of Hawaii
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shot_Tower_(Dubuque)=Shot Tower (Dubuque)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Garden_of_Allah_Hotel=Garden of Allah Hotel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Washington_Place=Washington Place
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BBC_Television_Centre=BBC Television Centre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dubuque_Star_Brewery=Dubuque Star Brewery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trump_International_Hotel_and_Tower_(Chicago)=Trump International Hotel and Tower (Chicago)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Huis_ten_Bosch=Huis ten Bosch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Royal_Palace_of_Amsterdam=Royal Palace of Amsterdam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fort_Ashby=Fort Ashby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Old_Sacramento_State_Historic_Park=Old Sacramento State Historic Park
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Union_Theological_Seminary_(New_York_City)=Union Theological Seminary (New York City)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fort_Assinniboine=Fort Assinniboine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rotunda_(Birmingham)=Rotunda (Birmingham)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chicago_Water_Tower=Chicago Water Tower
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Freedom_Ship=Freedom Ship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flatiron_Building_(Atlanta)=Flatiron Building (Atlanta)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laxey_Wheel=Laxey Wheel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_C._Stennis_Space_Center=John C. Stennis Space Center
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fraunces_Tavern=Fraunces Tavern
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Volunteer_Park_(Seattle)=Volunteer Park (Seattle)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arlington_Memorial_Bridge=Arlington Memorial Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flora_Fountain=Flora Fountain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Casa_Rosada=Casa Rosada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sutro_Tower=Sutro Tower
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Old_Harrison_County_Courthouse_(Texas)=Old Harrison County Courthouse (Texas)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Royal_Order_of_Kamehameha_I=Royal Order of Kamehameha I
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lyman_House_Memorial_Museum=Lyman House Memorial Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Smithsonian_Institution_Building=Smithsonian Institution Building
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monk_Bretton_Priory=Monk Bretton Priory
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ste._Anne_de_Detroit_Catholic_Church=Ste. Anne de Detroit Catholic Church
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bridge_of_Sighs_(Oxford)=Bridge of Sighs (Oxford)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beli_dvor=Beli dvor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eric_Williams_Plaza=Eric Williams Plaza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fort_Pickens=Fort Pickens
http://dbpedia.org/resource/First_Hawaiian_Center=First Hawaiian Center
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Columbus_Museum_of_Art=Columbus Museum of Art
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MLC_Centre=MLC Centre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Royal_Prince_Alfred_Hospital=Royal Prince Alfred Hospital
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hawaii_State_Library=Hawaii State Library
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Minar-e-Pakistan=Minar-e-Pakistan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aliiolani_Hale=Aliiolani Hale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iqbal_Park=Iqbal Park
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cathedral_Church_of_Saint_Andrew_(Honolulu)=Cathedral Church of Saint Andrew (Honolulu)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hamline_University=Hamline University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Woodmont_(Gladwyne,_Pennsylvania)=Woodmont (Gladwyne, Pennsylvania)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Avenues,_Salt_Lake_City=The Avenues, Salt Lake City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chenango_Canal=Chenango Canal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hollywood_Boulevard=Hollywood Boulevard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Union_Canal_(Pennsylvania)=Union Canal (Pennsylvania)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ronald_Reagan_Building_and_International_Trade_Center=Ronald Reagan Building and International Trade Center
http://dbpedia.org/resource/City_Hall_(IRT_Lexington_Avenue_Line)=City Hall (IRT Lexington Avenue Line)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wall_Street_(IRT_Lexington_Avenue_Line)=Wall Street (IRT Lexington Avenue Line)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bowling_Green_(IRT_Lexington_Avenue_Line)=Bowling Green (IRT Lexington Avenue Line)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Allegheny_Cemetery=Allegheny Cemetery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Royal_Liver_Building=Royal Liver Building
http://dbpedia.org/resource/President_William_McKinley_High_School=President William McKinley High School
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tennessee_Theatre=Tennessee Theatre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Palace_of_Facets=Palace of Facets
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ballistic_Missile_Early_Warning_System=Ballistic Missile Early Warning System
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pitstone_Windmill=Pitstone Windmill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aston_Hall=Aston Hall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Rotunda_(University_of_Virginia)=The Rotunda (University of Virginia)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pebble_Mill_Studios=Pebble Mill Studios
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Villa_Madama=Villa Madama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Washington_Square_(Philadelphia)=Washington Square (Philadelphia)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mundelein_College=Mundelein College
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Malakoff_Diggins_State_Historic_Park=Malakoff Diggins State Historic Park
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Faneuil_Hall=Faneuil Hall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Whitgift_Centre=Whitgift Centre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ExxonMobil_Building=ExxonMobil Building
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Terminal_Tower=Terminal Tower
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arc_de_Triomphe_du_Carrousel=Arc de Triomphe du Carrousel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fort_Matanzas_National_Monument=Fort Matanzas National Monument
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Torre_Picasso=Torre Picasso
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stockholm_Concert_Hall=Stockholm Concert Hall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fort_Clatsop=Fort Clatsop
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saint_Sophia's_Cathedral,_Kiev=Saint Sophia's Cathedral, Kiev
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harvard_Stadium=Harvard Stadium
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laclede's_Landing,_St._Louis=Laclede's Landing, St. Louis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cathedral_of_Learning=Cathedral of Learning
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alamo_Stadium=Alamo Stadium
http://dbpedia.org/resource/101_Hudson_Street=101 Hudson Street
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Church_of_the_Intercession_(Manhattan)=Church of the Intercession (Manhattan)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Shard=The Shard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Drumthwacket=Drumthwacket
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfred_McCune_Home=Alfred McCune Home
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Calgary_Tower=Calgary Tower
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aon_Center_(Los_Angeles)=Aon Center (Los Angeles)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Burj_Khalifa=Burj Khalifa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sky_City_1000=Sky City 1000
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keeling_House=Keeling House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/2_Willow_Road=2 Willow Road
http://dbpedia.org/resource/X-Seed_4000=X-Seed 4000
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Powel_Crosley,_Jr.=Powel Crosley, Jr.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toronto_City_Hall=Toronto City Hall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bellevue_Palace_(Germany)=Bellevue Palace (Germany)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Somerset_Place=Somerset Place
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Biltmore_Estate=Biltmore Estate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gaithersburg_Latitude_Observatory=Gaithersburg Latitude Observatory
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hadlow_Castle=Hadlow Castle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fort_Shafter=Fort Shafter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Victoria_Tower=Victoria Tower
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lincoln_University_(Missouri)=Lincoln University (Missouri)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tuntex_Sky_Tower=Tuntex Sky Tower
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heinrich-Hertz-Turm=Heinrich-Hertz-Turm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emirates_Office_Tower=Emirates Office Tower
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Three_Logan_Square=Three Logan Square
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bank_of_America_Center_(Los_Angeles)=Bank of America Center (Los Angeles)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Minnehaha_Falls=Minnehaha Falls
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dylan_Thomas_Centre=Dylan Thomas Centre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Russell_Senate_Office_Building=Russell Senate Office Building
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cannon_House_Office_Building=Cannon House Office Building
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tbilisi_TV_Broadcasting_Tower=Tbilisi TV Broadcasting Tower
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Waikiki_Natatorium_War_Memorial=Waikiki Natatorium War Memorial
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hawaii_Theatre=Hawaii Theatre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Minnesota_State_Capitol=Minnesota State Capitol
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Texas_School_Book_Depository=Texas School Book Depository
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Montlake_Bridge=Montlake Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Union_Square,_Manhattan=Union Square, Manhattan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Winslow_House_(River_Forest,_Illinois)=Winslow House (River Forest, Illinois)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sailing_at_the_2004_Summer_Olympics=Sailing at the 2004 Summer Olympics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brisbane_Transit_Centre=Brisbane Transit Centre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ulm_Minster=Ulm Minster
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saint_Mary's_College_(Michigan)=Saint Mary's College (Michigan)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Powelton_Village,_Philadelphia=Powelton Village, Philadelphia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pleasant_Hill,_Kentucky=Pleasant Hill, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manchester_Central_Convention_Complex=Manchester Central Convention Complex
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Midland_Hotel,_Manchester=Midland Hotel, Manchester
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prince_Kuhio_Federal_Building=Prince Kuhio Federal Building
http://dbpedia.org/resource/King_David_Kalakaua_Building=King David Kalakaua Building
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Metropolitan_Building_(Minneapolis)=Metropolitan Building (Minneapolis)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kykuit=Kykuit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fort_Concho=Fort Concho
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Confederation_Centre_of_the_Arts=Confederation Centre of the Arts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Randy's_Donuts=Randy's Donuts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fort_Towson=Fort Towson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Royal_Castle,_Warsaw=Royal Castle, Warsaw
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Little_White_House=Little White House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tokyo_Metropolitan_Government_Building=Tokyo Metropolitan Government Building
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Suzzallo_Library=Suzzallo Library
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lahontan_Dam=Lahontan Dam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tyntesfield=Tyntesfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kolossi_Castle=Kolossi Castle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Energy_Plaza=Energy Plaza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fort_Pillow_State_Park=Fort Pillow State Park
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Graceland_Cemetery=Graceland Cemetery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/First_Baptist_Church_in_America=First Baptist Church in America
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AN/FSQ-7_Combat_Direction_Central=AN/FSQ-7 Combat Direction Central
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Palace_Amusements=Palace Amusements
http://dbpedia.org/resource/120_Collins_Street=120 Collins Street
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bourke_Place=Bourke Place
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eastern_Market,_Washington,_D.C.=Eastern Market, Washington, D.C.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liberty_Memorial=Liberty Memorial
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rosecliff=Rosecliff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shreepati_Arcade=Shreepati Arcade
http://dbpedia.org/resource/McKinley_National_Memorial=McKinley National Memorial
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manhattan_Life_Insurance_Building=Manhattan Life Insurance Building
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Park_Row_Building=Park Row Building
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fort_Ouiatenon=Fort Ouiatenon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elm_Springs_(house)=Elm Springs (house)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cathedral_of_the_Incarnation_(Garden_City,_New_York)=Cathedral of the Incarnation (Garden City, New York)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Three_Saints_Bay=Three Saints Bay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/First_Canadian_Place=First Canadian Place
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Plymouth_Church_(Brooklyn)=Plymouth Church (Brooklyn)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hanover_College=Hanover College
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Royal_Bank_Plaza=Royal Bank Plaza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Monument_(Indonesia)=National Monument (Indonesia)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mariposa_Grove=Mariposa Grove
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bowles_Hall=Bowles Hall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rathfarnham_Castle=Rathfarnham Castle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Paul's_School_(Garden_City,_New_York)=St. Paul's School (Garden City, New York)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Connetquot_River_State_Park_Preserve=Connetquot River State Park Preserve
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Highland_Park_Ford_Plant=Highland Park Ford Plant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pewabic_Pottery=Pewabic Pottery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tampa_Theatre=Tampa Theatre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Channel_District=Channel District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Interstate_Bridge=Interstate Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crow_Creek_massacre=Crow Creek massacre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sailing_at_the_1908_Summer_Olympics=Sailing at the 1908 Summer Olympics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Second_Leiter_Building=Second Leiter Building
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Street_Settlement=Henry Street Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coonley_House=Coonley House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nymphenburg_Palace=Nymphenburg Palace
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_San_Remo=The San Remo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Astoria_Column=Astoria Column
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marco_Polo_House=Marco Polo House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shrewsbury_Castle=Shrewsbury Castle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lewis_and_Clark_Bridge_(Columbia_River)=Lewis and Clark Bridge (Columbia River)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Las_Ventas=Las Ventas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arts_and_Industries_Building=Arts and Industries Building
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wanamaker's=Wanamaker's
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fell's_Point,_Baltimore=Fell's Point, Baltimore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Castillo_de_San_Marcos=Castillo de San Marcos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marine_Air_Terminal=Marine Air Terminal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sagamore_Camp=Sagamore Camp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Central_Radio_&_TV_Tower=Central Radio & TV Tower
http://dbpedia.org/resource/City_Hall_(Haarlem)=City Hall (Haarlem)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hoofdwacht,_Haarlem=Hoofdwacht, Haarlem
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peabody_College=Peabody College
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atlanta_Cyclorama_&_Civil_War_Museum=Atlanta Cyclorama & Civil War Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/South_Carolina_State_Museum=South Carolina State Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Central_Square,_Cambridge=Central Square, Cambridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kennedy_School=Kennedy School
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kennecott,_Alaska=Kennecott, Alaska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Willard_InterContinental_Washington=Willard InterContinental Washington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Exchange_Square_(Hong_Kong)=Exchange Square (Hong Kong)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maeser_Elementary=Maeser Elementary
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coconut_Palace=Coconut Palace
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trump_World_Tower=Trump World Tower
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Citigroup_Center=Citigroup Center
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CitySpire_Center=CitySpire Center
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wofford_College=Wofford College
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Consolidated_Mine=Consolidated Mine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_Chase_Manhattan_Plaza=One Chase Manhattan Plaza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/East_Freetown,_Massachusetts=East Freetown, Massachusetts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cleveland_Park=Cleveland Park
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Minneapolis_City_Hall=Minneapolis City Hall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/311_South_Wacker_Drive=311 South Wacker Drive
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scottish_Parliament_Building=Scottish Parliament Building
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gate_Theatre=Gate Theatre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Villa_Montalvo=Villa Montalvo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strand_Historic_District=Strand Historic District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Two_Prudential_Plaza=Two Prudential Plaza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/900_North_Michigan=900 North Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chase_Tower_(Chicago)=Chase Tower (Chicago)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Park_Tower_(Chicago)=Park Tower (Chicago)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Playland_(New_York)=Playland (New York)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daufuskie_Island=Daufuskie Island
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fort_Santiago=Fort Santiago
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fort_Tryon_Park=Fort Tryon Park
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tail_o'_the_Pup=Tail o' the Pup
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Somerville_Court_House=Somerville Court House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fort_Larned_National_Historic_Site=Fort Larned National Historic Site
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fort_Scott_National_Historic_Site=Fort Scott National Historic Site
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fort_Knox_(Maine)=Fort Knox (Maine)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Samaritaine=La Samaritaine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rail_Bhavan=Rail Bhavan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Farnsworth_House=Farnsworth House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Council_House,_Birmingham=Council House, Birmingham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oriel_Chambers=Oriel Chambers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vale_Cemetery_and_Vale_Park=Vale Cemetery and Vale Park
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albert_Dock=Albert Dock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cunard_Building=Cunard Building
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Conference_House=Conference House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kings_County_Savings_Bank=Kings County Savings Bank
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Berlaymont_building=Berlaymont building
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Port_of_Liverpool_Building=Port of Liverpool Building
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fort_Ontario=Fort Ontario
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liverpool_Empire_Theatre=Liverpool Empire Theatre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Turning_Torso=Turning Torso
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prudential_Tower=Prudential Tower
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Federal_Reserve_Bank_Building_(Boston)=Federal Reserve Bank Building (Boston)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/111_Huntington_Avenue=111 Huntington Avenue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Osterley_Park=Osterley Park
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Punters_Club=Punters Club
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Empress_Hotel,_Fitzroy_North=Empress Hotel, Fitzroy North
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Freer_Gallery_of_Art=Freer Gallery of Art
http://dbpedia.org/resource/100_King_Street=100 King Street
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Preston_School_of_Industry=Preston School of Industry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bateman's=Bateman's
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cincinnati_Observatory=Cincinnati Observatory
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sa'dabad_Palace=Sa'dabad Palace
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Osgoode_Hall=Osgoode Hall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carthage_Jail=Carthage Jail
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karlova_Koruna_Chateau=Karlova Koruna Chateau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Plaza_Hotel=Plaza Hotel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Golden_Lamb_Inn=Golden Lamb Inn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Historic_Deerfield=Historic Deerfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ham_House=Ham House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jumeirah_Emirates_Towers_Hotel=Jumeirah Emirates Towers Hotel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Salt_Lake_City_and_County_Building=Salt Lake City and County Building
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Four_Seasons_Hotel_Miami=Four Seasons Hotel Miami
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Little_Tokyo,_Los_Angeles=Little Tokyo, Los Angeles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gateway_Theatre_of_Shopping=Gateway Theatre of Shopping
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canal_Walk=Canal Walk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Menlyn_Park=Menlyn Park
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yaquina_Bay_Bridge=Yaquina Bay Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beacon_Hill,_Boston=Beacon Hill, Boston
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mayflower_Hotel=Mayflower Hotel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heart_Mountain_Relocation_Center=Heart Mountain Relocation Center
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cloyne_Court_Hotel=Cloyne Court Hotel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kornhill=Kornhill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Far_West,_Missouri=Far West, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nebraska_State_Capitol=Nebraska State Capitol
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kenyatta_International_Conference_Centre=Kenyatta International Conference Centre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/385_Bourke_Street=385 Bourke Street
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Palace_of_the_Soviets=Palace of the Soviets
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vermont_State_House=Vermont State House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rittenhouse_Square=Rittenhouse Square
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fort_de_Chartres=Fort de Chartres
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Exchange_Place_(Boston)=Exchange Place (Boston)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/60_State_Street=60 State Street
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Custom_House_Tower=Custom House Tower
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_Boston_Place=One Boston Place
http://dbpedia.org/resource/28_State_Street=28 State Street
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_Devonshire_Place=One Devonshire Place
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_International_Place=One International Place
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Two_International_Place=Two International Place
http://dbpedia.org/resource/33_Arch_Street=33 Arch Street
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_Federal_Street=One Federal Street
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_Financial_Center=One Financial Center
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marshall_Hall,_Maryland=Marshall Hall, Maryland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_Beacon_Street=One Beacon Street
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Old_South_Meeting_House=Old South Meeting House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Massachusetts_State_House=Massachusetts State House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/King's_Chapel=King's Chapel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trinity_Church_(Boston)=Trinity Church (Boston)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Munson-Williams-Proctor_Arts_Institute=Munson-Williams-Proctor Arts Institute
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matrimandir=Matrimandir
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Presidential_Palace,_Warsaw=Presidential Palace, Warsaw
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carlton_Centre=Carlton Centre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fort_McIntosh,_Texas=Fort McIntosh, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hollywood_Cemetery_(Richmond,_Virginia)=Hollywood Cemetery (Richmond, Virginia)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hanover_Square,_Syracuse=Hanover Square, Syracuse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Old_City_Hall_(Toronto)=Old City Hall (Toronto)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lincoln_Tomb=Lincoln Tomb
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bunker_Hill_Monument=Bunker Hill Monument
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liverpool_Institute_for_Performing_Arts=Liverpool Institute for Performing Arts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/KDLT_tower=KDLT tower
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Taylor_Model_Basin=David Taylor Model Basin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Place=New Place
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gustav_Adolf_Church,_Liverpool=Gustav Adolf Church, Liverpool
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Renaissance_Center=Renaissance Center
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Old_Town_San_Diego_State_Historic_Park=Old Town San Diego State Historic Park
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brown_Palace_Hotel_(Denver,_Colorado)=Brown Palace Hotel (Denver, Colorado)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Corn_Palace=Corn Palace
http://dbpedia.org/resource/House_of_the_Seven_Gables=House of the Seven Gables
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colorado_State_Capitol=Colorado State Capitol
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barrow_Hill_Engine_Shed=Barrow Hill Engine Shed
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lovell_House=Lovell House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guangzhou_TV_Tower=Guangzhou TV Tower
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Skylon_Tower=Skylon Tower
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Piquette_Plant=Piquette Plant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Place_Ville_Marie=Place Ville Marie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sixth_Street_(Austin,_Texas)=Sixth Street (Austin, Texas)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Werwolf_(Wehrmacht_HQ)=Werwolf (Wehrmacht HQ)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Congressional_Cemetery=Congressional Cemetery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wyoming_State_Capitol=Wyoming State Capitol
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Postal_Museum=National Postal Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inkallaqta=Inkallaqta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Highclere_Castle=Highclere Castle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Watson_Mill_Bridge_State_Park=Watson Mill Bridge State Park
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Equitable_Building_(Manhattan)=Equitable Building (Manhattan)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Commonwealth_Building_(Portland,_Oregon)=Commonwealth Building (Portland, Oregon)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A._H._Stephens_Historic_Park=A. H. Stephens Historic Park
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fort_McAllister_Historic_Park=Fort McAllister Historic Park
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tredegar_Iron_Works=Tredegar Iron Works
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iowa_State_Capitol=Iowa State Capitol
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goucher_College=Goucher College
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kealakekua_Bay=Kealakekua Bay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tower_Building_of_the_Little_Rock_Arsenal=Tower Building of the Little Rock Arsenal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andersonville_National_Historic_Site=Andersonville National Historic Site
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fort_Vancouver_National_Historic_Site=Fort Vancouver National Historic Site
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strasbourg_Cathedral=Strasbourg Cathedral
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Longwave_radio_mast_Hellissandur=Longwave radio mast Hellissandur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bridge_of_Lions=Bridge of Lions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Old_Chapel_Hill_Cemetery=Old Chapel Hill Cemetery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gliwice_Radio_Tower=Gliwice Radio Tower
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Westminster_Hall_and_Burying_Ground=Westminster Hall and Burying Ground
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flag_House_&_Star-Spangled_Banner_Museum=Flag House & Star-Spangled Banner Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Los_Angeles_City_Hall=Los Angeles City Hall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Torre_Mayor=Torre Mayor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meridian_House=Meridian House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Torre_Latinoamericana=Torre Latinoamericana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St_Marys_Church,_Clophill=St Marys Church, Clophill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quincy_Market=Quincy Market
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dungur=Dungur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kentucky_State_Capitol=Kentucky State Capitol
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inman_Park=Inman Park
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taliesin_(studio)=Taliesin (studio)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jerome_Park_Reservoir=Jerome Park Reservoir
http://dbpedia.org/resource/World_Trade_Center_Mexico_City=World Trade Center Mexico City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sterling_Memorial_Library=Sterling Memorial Library
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fort_Orange_(New_Netherland)=Fort Orange (New Netherland)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/B&O_Railroad_Museum=B&O Railroad Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Museum_of_Women_in_the_Arts=National Museum of Women in the Arts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mainz_Cathedral=Mainz Cathedral
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Unity_Temple=Unity Temple
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Houghton_House=Houghton House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sender_Donebach=Sender Donebach
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raszyn_radio_transmitter=Raszyn radio transmitter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Old_Salem=Old Salem
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hungry_Mother_State_Park=Hungry Mother State Park
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Woodford_Reserve=Woodford Reserve
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Regency_Bridge=Regency Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/FM-_and_TV-mast_Kosztowy=FM- and TV-mast Kosztowy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/FM-_and_TV-mast_Zygry=FM- and TV-mast Zygry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/FM-_and_TV-mast_Klepaczka=FM- and TV-mast Klepaczka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Royal_Palace_of_Madrid=Royal Palace of Madrid
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Booker_T._Washington_National_Monument=Booker T. Washington National Monument
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grand_Trianon=Grand Trianon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Western_City_Gate=Western City Gate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oak_Hill_(James_Monroe_House)=Oak Hill (James Monroe House)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fair_Lane=Fair Lane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henninger_Turm=Henninger Turm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rheinturm=Rheinturm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walter_E._Fernald_Developmental_Center=Walter E. Fernald Developmental Center
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_New_Art_Gallery_Walsall=The New Art Gallery Walsall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Acoma_Pueblo=Acoma Pueblo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Transmitter_Solt=Transmitter Solt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Northwest_Railway_Museum=Northwest Railway Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Puijo_tower=Puijo tower
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Graffiti_House=Graffiti House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Navy_Petty-Officers_School_of_Mechanics=Navy Petty-Officers School of Mechanics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Radio_City_Tower=Radio City Tower
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shardeloes=Shardeloes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cushman_Dam_No._2=Cushman Dam No. 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cushman_Dam_No._1=Cushman Dam No. 1
http://dbpedia.org/resource/San_Francisco_cable_car_system=San Francisco cable car system
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christiansborg_Palace=Christiansborg Palace
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glendower_State_Memorial=Glendower State Memorial
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fort_Kearny=Fort Kearny
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lime_Rock_Park=Lime Rock Park
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harding_Tomb=Harding Tomb
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Judson_Memorial_Church=Judson Memorial Church
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shaheed_Minar,_Dhaka=Shaheed Minar, Dhaka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Catete_Palace=Catete Palace
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Penshaw_Monument=Penshaw Monument
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pollepel_Island=Pollepel Island
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ladd's_Addition=Ladd's Addition
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beehive_(New_Zealand)=Beehive (New Zealand)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trump_Tower_(New_York_City)=Trump Tower (New York City)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Auckland_Castle=Auckland Castle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johnson_Wax_Headquarters=Johnson Wax Headquarters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aerial_Lift_Bridge=Aerial Lift Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PPG_Place=PPG Place
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BNY_Mellon_Center_(Pittsburgh)=BNY Mellon Center (Pittsburgh)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lancaster_House=Lancaster House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rosehill_Cemetery=Rosehill Cemetery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leeds_Corn_Exchange=Leeds Corn Exchange
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AT&T_Building_(Nashville)=AT&T Building (Nashville)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Middlesex_Guildhall=Middlesex Guildhall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fort_Benjamin_Hawkins=Fort Benjamin Hawkins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bear_Mountain_Bridge=Bear Mountain Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Reformed_Church_of_Newtown=The Reformed Church of Newtown
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bartow-Pell_Mansion=Bartow-Pell Mansion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baltimore_World_Trade_Center=Baltimore World Trade Center
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Millmount_Fort=Millmount Fort
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Complexe_Desjardins=Complexe Desjardins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oak_Ridge_Cemetery=Oak Ridge Cemetery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fort_Meigs=Fort Meigs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rocheport=Rocheport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Queen_Elizabeth_Hall=Queen Elizabeth Hall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roi-Namur=Roi-Namur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wood_Wharf=Wood Wharf
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Six_World_Trade_Center=Six World Trade Center
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marineland_of_Florida=Marineland of Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BNY_Mellon_Center_(Philadelphia)=BNY Mellon Center (Philadelphia)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/South_Tower_(Brussels)=South Tower (Brussels)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Palace_of_Nations=Palace of Nations
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Jersey_Historical_Society=New Jersey Historical Society
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sun_Life_Building=Sun Life Building
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cartier_Square_Drill_Hall=Cartier Square Drill Hall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aurora_Tower=Aurora Tower
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taliesin_West=Taliesin West
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Pleasant_Cemetery,_Newark=Mount Pleasant Cemetery, Newark
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cellular_Jail=Cellular Jail
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CIBC_Tower=CIBC Tower
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hakone_Gardens=Hakone Gardens
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carolands=Carolands
http://dbpedia.org/resource/McLaren_Technology_Centre=McLaren Technology Centre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Victoria_Palace=Victoria Palace
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wright_Flyer_III=Wright Flyer III
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pennsylvania_Academy_of_the_Fine_Arts=Pennsylvania Academy of the Fine Arts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Azadi_Tower=Azadi Tower
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Falak-ol-Aflak_Castle=Falak-ol-Aflak Castle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SIS_Building=SIS Building
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fort_Monroe=Fort Monroe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grant_Park,_Atlanta=Grant Park, Atlanta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kirtland_Temple=Kirtland Temple
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sandra_Day_O'Connor_United_States_Courthouse=Sandra Day O'Connor United States Courthouse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/McCormick_Tribune_Campus_Center=McCormick Tribune Campus Center
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Drake_Hotel_(Chicago)=Drake Hotel (Chicago)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Midway_Plaisance=Midway Plaisance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Van_Cortlandt_House_Museum=Van Cortlandt House Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Central_Plaza_1,_Brisbane=Central Plaza 1, Brisbane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Riparian_Plaza=Riparian Plaza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hong_Kong_Convention_and_Exhibition_Centre=Hong Kong Convention and Exhibition Centre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sam_Black_Church=Sam Black Church
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kayak_Island=Kayak Island
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Plaza_66=Plaza 66
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AMP_Place,_Brisbane=AMP Place, Brisbane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1100_Peachtree=1100 Peachtree
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tomorrow_Square=Tomorrow Square
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yokohama_Landmark_Tower=Yokohama Landmark Tower
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Budd_Company=Budd Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patuxai=Patuxai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lever_House=Lever House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cheung_Kong_Center=Cheung Kong Center
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Old_State_House_(Boston)=Old State House (Boston)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Government_Palace_(Peru)=Government Palace (Peru)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tower_at_Cityplace=Tower at Cityplace
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Market_Theatre_(Johannesburg)=Market Theatre (Johannesburg)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Naval_Station_Great_Lakes=Naval Station Great Lakes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Washington_Hotel=Mount Washington Hotel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jackson's_Mill=Jackson's Mill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/White_House_of_the_Confederacy=White House of the Confederacy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saint_Paul's_Cathedral,_Wellington=Saint Paul's Cathedral, Wellington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Life_&_Casualty_Tower=Life & Casualty Tower
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hollywood_Sign=Hollywood Sign
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bionic_Tower=Bionic Tower
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Margaret_Mitchell_House_&_Museum=Margaret Mitchell House & Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martin_Luther_King,_Jr.,_National_Historic_Site=Martin Luther King, Jr., National Historic Site
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Villa_Vizcaya=Villa Vizcaya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Westcott_House_(Springfield,_Ohio)=Westcott House (Springfield, Ohio)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Darwin_D._Martin_House=Darwin D. Martin House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frist_Center_for_the_Visual_Arts=Frist Center for the Visual Arts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manchester_Assize_Courts=Manchester Assize Courts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dorchester_Heights=Dorchester Heights
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Graduates_Memorial_Building=Graduates Memorial Building
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boston_Avenue_Methodist_Church=Boston Avenue Methodist Church
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brasserie=Brasserie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Searles_Castle_(New_Hampshire)=Searles Castle (New Hampshire)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Derrynane_House=Derrynane House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rainbow_Bridge_(Texas)=Rainbow Bridge (Texas)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kelly_Ingram_Park=Kelly Ingram Park
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marycrest_College_Historic_District=Marycrest College Historic District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wells_Fargo_Center_(Minneapolis)=Wells Fargo Center (Minneapolis)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/House_on_the_Rock=House on the Rock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tour_de_la_Bourse=Tour de la Bourse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bruton_Parish_Church=Bruton Parish Church
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Schermerhorn_Symphony_Center=Schermerhorn Symphony Center
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michigan_Union=Michigan Union
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mar-A-Lago=Mar-A-Lago
http://dbpedia.org/resource/East_San_Jose_Carnegie_Branch_Library=East San Jose Carnegie Branch Library
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_York_City_Police_Museum=New York City Police Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Old_Main_(Pennsylvania_State_University)=Old Main (Pennsylvania State University)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Morgan_Library_&_Museum=Morgan Library & Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toronto_Centre_for_the_Arts=Toronto Centre for the Arts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canadian_Broadcasting_Centre=Canadian Broadcasting Centre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caleb_Pusey_House=Caleb Pusey House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Streets_at_Southpoint=The Streets at Southpoint
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Burghley_House=Burghley House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fulham_Palace=Fulham Palace
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Commerce_Court=Commerce Court
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Senate_House_(University_of_London)=Senate House (University of London)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saxon_Palace=Saxon Palace
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scotia_Plaza=Scotia Plaza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fort_Belan=Fort Belan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Renishaw_Hall=Renishaw Hall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Appomattox_Manor=Appomattox Manor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mellon_Institute_of_Industrial_Research=Mellon Institute of Industrial Research
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shirley_Plantation=Shirley Plantation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Westover_Plantation=Westover Plantation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Royal_Palace,_Oslo=Royal Palace, Oslo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Presidential_Palace,_Helsinki=Presidential Palace, Helsinki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goodnow_Hall_(Kansas_State_University)=Goodnow Hall (Kansas State University)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Patrick's_Old_Cathedral=St. Patrick's Old Cathedral
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bank_of_England_Building,_Liverpool=Bank of England Building, Liverpool
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marischal_College=Marischal College
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spinnaker_Tower=Spinnaker Tower
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jardine_House=Jardine House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chater_House=Chater House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hong_Kong_Club_Building=Hong Kong Club Building
http://dbpedia.org/resource/10050_Cielo_Drive=10050 Cielo Drive
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ralston_Hall=Ralston Hall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yankton_College=Yankton College
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mysore_Palace=Mysore Palace
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Embarcadero_(San_Francisco)=Embarcadero (San Francisco)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_Nations_Secretariat_Building=United Nations Secretariat Building
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pier_39=Pier 39
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Windsor_Tower_(Madrid)=Windsor Tower (Madrid)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Weir_House=James Weir House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Province_House_(Nova_Scotia)=Province House (Nova Scotia)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A._Schwab's=A. Schwab's
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ngee_Ann_City=Ngee Ann City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Siuslaw_River_Bridge=Siuslaw River Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Big_Creek_Bridge_(Oregon)=Big Creek Bridge (Oregon)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gran_Hotel_Bali=Gran Hotel Bali
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Foster_Botanical_Garden=Foster Botanical Garden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lansdown_Crescent,_Bath=Lansdown Crescent, Bath
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Springville_Museum_of_Art=Springville Museum of Art
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Penn_State_University_Creamery=Penn State University Creamery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Church_Office_Building=Church Office Building
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Summer_Archbishop's_Palace=Summer Archbishop's Palace
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fort_Fisher=Fort Fisher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Central_Park_(skyscraper)=Central Park (skyscraper)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/108_St_Georges_Terrace=108 St Georges Terrace
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Union_Christian_College,_Merom=Union Christian College, Merom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Metropolitan_Life_North_Building=Metropolitan Life North Building
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brooks_Building=Brooks Building
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philadelphia_Naval_Asylum=Philadelphia Naval Asylum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Virginia_State_Capitol=Virginia State Capitol
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TIDEL_Park,_Chennai=TIDEL Park, Chennai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tour_Initiale=Tour Initiale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/J._Edgar_Hoover_Building=J. Edgar Hoover Building
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taftville,_Connecticut=Taftville, Connecticut
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bagnell_Dam=Bagnell Dam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Regal_Cinema=Regal Cinema
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Horne_Creek_Living_Historical_Farm=Horne Creek Living Historical Farm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fort_Ridgely=Fort Ridgely
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Basilica_of_Saint_Mary_(Minneapolis)=Basilica of Saint Mary (Minneapolis)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cleveland_Arcade=Cleveland Arcade
http://dbpedia.org/resource/USS_Tecumseh_(1863)=USS Tecumseh (1863)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cathedral_of_the_Annunciation=Cathedral of the Annunciation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oakland_Cemetery_(Atlanta)=Oakland Cemetery (Atlanta)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Overbrook_High_School_(Philadelphia)=Overbrook High School (Philadelphia)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Holy_Trinity_Cathedral_(Salt_Lake_City,_Utah)=Holy Trinity Cathedral (Salt Lake City, Utah)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sailors'_Snug_Harbor=Sailors' Snug Harbor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cadillac_Place=Cadillac Place
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Presidential_Office_Building,_Taipei=Presidential Office Building, Taipei
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Al_Faisaliyah_Center=Al Faisaliyah Center
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Newport_Casino=Newport Casino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guardian_Building=Guardian Building
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_Detroit_Center=One Detroit Center
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Legionville=Legionville
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fort_Recovery=Fort Recovery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fort_Laurens=Fort Laurens
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Alva_Edison_Memorial_Tower_and_Museum=Thomas Alva Edison Memorial Tower and Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hassel_Island,_U.S._Virgin_Islands=Hassel Island, U.S. Virgin Islands
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Warehouse_District,_Cleveland=Warehouse District, Cleveland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blakesley_Hall=Blakesley Hall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/San_Jacinto_Monument=San Jacinto Monument
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heidelberg_Castle=Heidelberg Castle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trump_International_Hotel_and_Tower_(Toronto)=Trump International Hotel and Tower (Toronto)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Willamette_Heritage_Center=Willamette Heritage Center
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mohonk_Mountain_House=Mohonk Mountain House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Knightshayes_Court=Knightshayes Court
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hartham_Park=Hartham Park
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oxon_Hoath=Oxon Hoath
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albany_Municipal_Airport_(Oregon)=Albany Municipal Airport (Oregon)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_French_Laundry=The French Laundry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fred_F._French_Building=Fred F. French Building
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Syon_Park_House_Estate=Syon Park House Estate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miraflores_Palace=Miraflores Palace
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St_Luke's_Church,_Borella=St Luke's Church, Borella
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hotel_de_Wereld=Hotel de Wereld
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Telekom_Tower=Telekom Tower
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doonagore_Castle=Doonagore Castle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Plum_Orchard=Plum Orchard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Woodward's_Building=Woodward's Building
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lithia_Park=Lithia Park
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paramount_Arts_Center=Paramount Arts Center
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Belchertown_State_School=Belchertown State School
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kingdom_Centre=Kingdom Centre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sainsbury_Centre_for_Visual_Arts=Sainsbury Centre for Visual Arts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dayton_Art_Institute=Dayton Art Institute
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Big_Nickel=Big Nickel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heslington_Hall=Heslington Hall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Massachusetts_Museum_of_Contemporary_Art=Massachusetts Museum of Contemporary Art
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Temple_of_Jupiter_Optimus_Maximus=Temple of Jupiter Optimus Maximus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roppongi_Hills_Mori_Tower=Roppongi Hills Mori Tower
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Catherines_Island=St. Catherines Island
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sapporo_TV_Tower=Sapporo TV Tower
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cairo_Tower=Cairo Tower
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sentech_Tower=Sentech Tower
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Federal_Reserve_Bank_of_San_Francisco=Federal Reserve Bank of San Francisco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CBS_Television_City=CBS Television City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Portland_Art_Museum=Portland Art Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Los_Alamos_Ranch_House=Los Alamos Ranch House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ahwahnee_Hotel=Ahwahnee Hotel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cape_Henry_Light=Cape Henry Light
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atakule=Atakule
http://dbpedia.org/resource/OTE_Tower=OTE Tower
http://dbpedia.org/resource/White_House,_Bishkek=White House, Bishkek
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Golghar=Golghar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beppu_Tower=Beppu Tower
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kyoto_Tower=Kyoto Tower
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Green_Tower,_Sanbu=Green Tower, Sanbu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baiyoke_Tower_II=Baiyoke Tower II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tower_of_the_Americas=Tower of the Americas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Torre_Espacial=Torre Espacial
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kuwait_Towers=Kuwait Towers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reunion_Tower=Reunion Tower
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baghdad_Tower=Baghdad Tower
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bell_Aliant_Tower=Bell Aliant Tower
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Piercefield_House=Piercefield House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wokefield_Park=Wokefield Park
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Place_de_Ville=Place de Ville
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wrest_Park=Wrest Park
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anchor_Inn_(Birmingham)=Anchor Inn (Birmingham)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1_New_York_Plaza=1 New York Plaza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oklahoma_State_Capitol=Oklahoma State Capitol
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thornden_Park=Thornden Park
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bolton_Castle=Bolton Castle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Historic_Locust_Grove=Historic Locust Grove
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Odeon_of_Herodes_Atticus=Odeon of Herodes Atticus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edge_Hill_(Woodford,_Virginia)=Edge Hill (Woodford, Virginia)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arnold_Arboretum=Arnold Arboretum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alpha_Tower=Alpha Tower
http://dbpedia.org/resource/103_Colmore_Row=103 Colmore Row
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Five_Ways_Tower=Five Ways Tower
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_Snow_Hill_Plaza=One Snow Hill Plaza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colmore_Gate=Colmore Gate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_McLaren_Building=The McLaren Building
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Metropolitan_House=Metropolitan House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edgbaston_House=Edgbaston House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BT_Tower_(Birmingham)=BT Tower (Birmingham)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aberdeen_Pavilion=Aberdeen Pavilion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/List_of_New_York_City_Subway_yards=List of New York City Subway yards
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fort_Phil_Kearny=Fort Phil Kearny
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christ_Church_Cathedral_(Houston)=Christ Church Cathedral (Houston)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Domus_Sanctae_Marthae=Domus Sanctae Marthae
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Langtons=Langtons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harry_P._Leu_Gardens=Harry P. Leu Gardens
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hearst_Memorial_Mining_Building=Hearst Memorial Mining Building
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dexter_Avenue_Baptist_Church=Dexter Avenue Baptist Church
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Key_Bridge_(Washington,_D.C.)=Key Bridge (Washington, D.C.)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Voice_of_America_Bethany_Relay_Station=Voice of America Bethany Relay Station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pro-Cathedral_of_Saint_Patrick_in_Newark=Pro-Cathedral of Saint Patrick in Newark
http://dbpedia.org/resource/City_Point_(New_Haven)=City Point (New Haven)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norridgewock=Norridgewock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elm_Bank_Horticulture_Center=Elm Bank Horticulture Center
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ennis_House=Ennis House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fenton_House=Fenton House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/60_Wall_Street=60 Wall Street
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carlyle's_House=Carlyle's House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crofton_Roman_Villa=Crofton Roman Villa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_Times_Square=One Times Square
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Titan_Missile_Museum=Titan Missile Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Welcome_to_Fabulous_Las_Vegas_sign=Welcome to Fabulous Las Vegas sign
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Playhouse_Square=Playhouse Square
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cathedral_Church_of_St._Paul_(Boston)=Cathedral Church of St. Paul (Boston)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cathedral_Church_of_St._Paul_(Detroit)=Cathedral Church of St. Paul (Detroit)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peirce_Mill=Peirce Mill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_Bonnet_Tavern=Jean Bonnet Tavern
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dismal_Swamp_Canal=Dismal Swamp Canal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rock_Island_Arsenal=Rock Island Arsenal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sainte_Marie_de_La_Tourette=Sainte Marie de La Tourette
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Simon_Gratz_High_School=Simon Gratz High School
http://dbpedia.org/resource/President's_Park=President's Park
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vasco_da_Gama_Tower=Vasco da Gama Tower
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colonia-Haus=Colonia-Haus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Komtar=Komtar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pirelli_Tower=Pirelli Tower
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Druid_Hill_Park=Druid Hill Park
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Home_of_the_Good_Shepherd=Home of the Good Shepherd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BMW_Headquarters=BMW Headquarters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/City-Hochhaus_Leipzig=City-Hochhaus Leipzig
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Park_Inn_Berlin=Park Inn Berlin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Venetian_Pool=Venetian Pool
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arabella_Hochhaus=Arabella Hochhaus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Simpsons_of_Piccadilly=Simpsons of Piccadilly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Downtown_Athletic_Club=Downtown Athletic Club
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crown_Hill_Cemetery=Crown Hill Cemetery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Embassy_of_Qatar,_Washington,_D.C.=Embassy of Qatar, Washington, D.C.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blaise_Castle=Blaise Castle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Folly_Tower,_Pontypool=Folly Tower, Pontypool
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fort_Huachuca=Fort Huachuca
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Oracle,_Queensland=The Oracle, Queensland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_H._Stroger,_Jr._Hospital_of_Cook_County=John H. Stroger, Jr. Hospital of Cook County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wantage_Hall=Wantage Hall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sun_Yat_Sen_Nanyang_Memorial_Hall=Sun Yat Sen Nanyang Memorial Hall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arts_Tower=Arts Tower
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parque_Central_Complex=Parque Central Complex
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Bowne_House=John Bowne House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Barton_House=George Barton House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ohio_Statehouse=Ohio Statehouse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Morristown_National_Historical_Park=Morristown National Historical Park
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chota_(Cherokee_town)=Chota (Cherokee town)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/KNMI-mast_Cabauw=KNMI-mast Cabauw
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CBC_Tower_(Mont-Carmel)=CBC Tower (Mont-Carmel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Omega_Tower_Trelew=Omega Tower Trelew
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dorint_Hotel_Tower=Dorint Hotel Tower
http://dbpedia.org/resource/122_Leadenhall_Street=122 Leadenhall Street
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vilnius_TV_Tower=Vilnius TV Tower
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indian_Key_Historic_State_Park=Indian Key Historic State Park
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Castro_of_Monte_Valinhas=Castro of Monte Valinhas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tagblatt-Turm=Tagblatt-Turm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Castle_Solitude=Castle Solitude
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toledo_Yacht_Club=Toledo Yacht Club
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Road_America=Road America
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eaton_Hall_(King_City)=Eaton Hall (King City)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Lowe_Railway=Mount Lowe Railway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ivoryton=Ivoryton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sultan_Abdul_Samad_Building=Sultan Abdul Samad Building
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bannack,_Montana=Bannack, Montana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michigan_Theater_(Ann_Arbor,_Michigan)=Michigan Theater (Ann Arbor, Michigan)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coral_Gables_Biltmore_Hotel=Coral Gables Biltmore Hotel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Providence_Biltmore=Providence Biltmore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Messeturm=Messeturm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Old_Rockville_High_School_and_East_School=Old Rockville High School and East School
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Living_Arts_Centre=Living Arts Centre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alban_Towers=Alban Towers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bonneville_Speedway=Bonneville Speedway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saint_Hill_Manor=Saint Hill Manor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hotel_Inter-Continental_Kabul=Hotel Inter-Continental Kabul
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bay_Adelaide_Centre=Bay Adelaide Centre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sloppy_Joe's=Sloppy Joe's
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stagecoach_Inn_(California)=Stagecoach Inn (California)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maria_Lanakila_Catholic_Church=Maria Lanakila Catholic Church
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1_Wall_Street=1 Wall Street
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Metropolitan_Life_Insurance_Company_Tower=Metropolitan Life Insurance Company Tower
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canada_Life_Building=Canada Life Building
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis_Penfield_House=Louis Penfield House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arkansas_State_Capitol=Arkansas State Capitol
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brewster-Douglass_Housing_Projects=Brewster-Douglass Housing Projects
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Metro_Hall=Metro Hall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Gate=New Gate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fort_Loudoun_(Tennessee)=Fort Loudoun (Tennessee)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hermann_Heights_Monument=Hermann Heights Monument
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kennedy_Compound=Kennedy Compound
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georgetown_Loop_Railroad=Georgetown Loop Railroad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edison_and_Ford_Winter_Estates=Edison and Ford Winter Estates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_Pearl_Tower=West Pearl Tower
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chanin_Building=Chanin Building
http://dbpedia.org/resource/B_Reactor=B Reactor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fort_San_Pedro=Fort San Pedro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_Wall_Centre=One Wall Centre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rowan_Oak=Rowan Oak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fort_D.A._Russell_(Wyoming)=Fort D.A. Russell (Wyoming)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Forest_Hills_Cemetery=Forest Hills Cemetery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Istana_(Singapore)=Istana (Singapore)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shippensburg_University_of_Pennsylvania=Shippensburg University of Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Torre_Agbar=Torre Agbar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PBCom_Tower=PBCom Tower
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Washington_Crossing_Historic_Park=Washington Crossing Historic Park
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mogorjelo=Mogorjelo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luther_Seminary=Luther Seminary
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hale_Farm_and_Village=Hale Farm and Village
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marlatt_Hall=Marlatt Hall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/21st_Century_Tower=21st Century Tower
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_General_(locomotive)=The General (locomotive)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rizal_Shrine_(Intramuros)=Rizal Shrine (Intramuros)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1501_McGill_College=1501 McGill College
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Biodesign_Institute=Biodesign Institute
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carew_Tower=Carew Tower
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_House,_Berkeley=University House, Berkeley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doe_Memorial_Library=Doe Memorial Library
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rhode_Island_State_House=Rhode Island State House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cooleemee=Cooleemee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mercer_Museum=Mercer Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Santa_Justa_Lift=Santa Justa Lift
http://dbpedia.org/resource/KPMG_Tower=KPMG Tower
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Austin_State_Hospital=Austin State Hospital
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dirksen_Senate_Office_Building=Dirksen Senate Office Building
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cathedral_of_the_Assumption_(Louisville,_Kentucky)=Cathedral of the Assumption (Louisville, Kentucky)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zachary_Taylor_National_Cemetery=Zachary Taylor National Cemetery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Windmill_Lane_Studios=Windmill Lane Studios
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fayette_Historic_State_Park=Fayette Historic State Park
http://dbpedia.org/resource/10_East_40th_Street=10 East 40th Street
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_Penn_Plaza=One Penn Plaza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dancing_House=Dancing House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ford_River_Rouge_Complex=Ford River Rouge Complex
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Finlandia_Hall=Finlandia Hall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ladd_Observatory=Ladd Observatory
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fairmont_Singapore=Fairmont Singapore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kista_Science_Tower=Kista Science Tower
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lower_Sioux_Agency=Lower Sioux Agency
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anamosa_State_Penitentiary=Anamosa State Penitentiary
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Casa_Malaparte=Casa Malaparte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Amsterdam_Theatre=New Amsterdam Theatre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/8_Shenton_Way=8 Shenton Way
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Stephen's_Episcopal_Church_(Philadelphia)=St. Stephen's Episcopal Church (Philadelphia)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chatham_Manor=Chatham Manor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Market_Post_Tower=Market Post Tower
http://dbpedia.org/resource/UOB_Plaza=UOB Plaza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Republic_Plaza_(Singapore)=Republic Plaza (Singapore)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Los_Adaes=Los Adaes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tredegar_House=Tredegar House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Echota=New Echota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kenney_Gym_and_Kenney_Gym_Annex=Kenney Gym and Kenney Gym Annex
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Turku_Castle=Turku Castle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mission_Inn_Hotel_&_Spa=The Mission Inn Hotel & Spa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Church_of_St._Andrew_and_St._Paul=Church of St. Andrew and St. Paul
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Orleans_Mint=New Orleans Mint
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fort_Gaines_(Alabama)=Fort Gaines (Alabama)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fort_Morgan_(Alabama)=Fort Morgan (Alabama)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Washington_State_Penitentiary=Washington State Penitentiary
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shaw_Center_for_the_Arts=Shaw Center for the Arts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Byrd_Theatre=Byrd Theatre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parque_de_Bombas=Parque de Bombas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wazir_Mansion=Wazir Mansion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yerevan_TV_Tower=Yerevan TV Tower
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Home_of_Franklin_D._Roosevelt_National_Historic_Site=Home of Franklin D. Roosevelt National Historic Site
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spencer_Plaza=Spencer Plaza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maison_Radio-Canada=Maison Radio-Canada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Washington_State_Capitol=Washington State Capitol
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Augusta_Theater=Augusta Theater
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sloss_Furnaces=Sloss Furnaces
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Washington_Masonic_National_Memorial=George Washington Masonic National Memorial
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flying_Horse_Carousel=Flying Horse Carousel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nassau_Hall=Nassau Hall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pisgah_Covered_Bridge=Pisgah Covered Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mediana=Mediana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/California_State_Capitol=California State Capitol
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Szkieletor=Szkieletor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kantara_Castle=Kantara Castle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Palace_of_Moncloa=Palace of Moncloa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shaheed_Minar,_Kolkata=Shaheed Minar, Kolkata
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Allegheny_Observatory=Allegheny Observatory
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wells_Fargo_Center_(Portland,_Oregon)=Wells Fargo Center (Portland, Oregon)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Woodrow_Wilson_Presidential_Library=Woodrow Wilson Presidential Library
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Base_Support_Unit_Kodiak=Base Support Unit Kodiak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/World_Market_Center_Las_Vegas=World Market Center Las Vegas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Willis_Building_(London)=Willis Building (London)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saint_Hilarion_Castle=Saint Hilarion Castle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fort_Negley=Fort Negley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madison-Lenox_Hotel=Madison-Lenox Hotel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wawel_Castle=Wawel Castle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Siphnian_Treasury=Siphnian Treasury
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Denver_Public_Library=Denver Public Library
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Berrima_Correctional_Centre=Berrima Correctional Centre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georgia_Governor's_Mansion=Georgia Governor's Mansion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sunlight_House=Sunlight House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sweet_Auburn=Sweet Auburn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1000_Broadway=1000 Broadway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fox_Tower=Fox Tower
http://dbpedia.org/resource/U.S._Bancorp_Tower=U.S. Bancorp Tower
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Congress_Center=Congress Center
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PacWest_Center=PacWest Center
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Standard_Insurance_Center=Standard Insurance Center
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saints'_Rest=Saints' Rest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gripsholm_Castle=Gripsholm Castle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meeker_Island_Lock_and_Dam=Meeker Island Lock and Dam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Santa_Fe_3751=Santa Fe 3751
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christchurch_Arts_Centre=Christchurch Arts Centre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fort_Edgecomb=Fort Edgecomb
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jefferson_College_(Mississippi)=Jefferson College (Mississippi)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sloan-Parker_House=Sloan-Parker House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bellevue-Stratford_Hotel=The Bellevue-Stratford Hotel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hewell_Grange=Hewell Grange
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grady_Memorial_Hospital=Grady Memorial Hospital
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Basilica_of_Saint_Mary_of_the_Immaculate_Conception_(Norfolk,_Virginia)=Basilica of Saint Mary of the Immaculate Conception (Norfolk, Virginia)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Elms_(Newport,_Rhode_Island)=The Elms (Newport, Rhode Island)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Racquet_Club_of_Philadelphia=Racquet Club of Philadelphia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canada_Place=Canada Place
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cahaba,_Alabama=Cahaba, Alabama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Woodspring_Priory=Woodspring Priory
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jefferson_Market_Library=Jefferson Market Library
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fort_Miles=Fort Miles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buffalo_Central_Terminal=Buffalo Central Terminal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ehrenbreitstein_Fortress=Ehrenbreitstein Fortress
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Waterloo_Village=Waterloo Village
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Julia_R._Masterman_School=Julia R. Masterman School
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bent's_Old_Fort_National_Historic_Site=Bent's Old Fort National Historic Site
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pinehurst_Resort=Pinehurst Resort
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edgbaston_Hall=Edgbaston Hall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Joseph_Moakley_United_States_Courthouse=John Joseph Moakley United States Courthouse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Old_Las_Vegas_Mormon_Fort_State_Historic_Park=Old Las Vegas Mormon Fort State Historic Park
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Techwood_Homes=Techwood Homes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roanoke_Star=Roanoke Star
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Augusta_Canal=Augusta Canal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._John's_Episcopal_Church_(Richmond,_Virginia)=St. John's Episcopal Church (Richmond, Virginia)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wainwright_Building=Wainwright Building
http://dbpedia.org/resource/KOIN_Center=KOIN Center
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fort_Tejon=Fort Tejon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sheffield_Island_Light=Sheffield Island Light
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Palomar_Ballroom=Palomar Ballroom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emirates_Towers=Emirates Towers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oella,_Maryland=Oella, Maryland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Denver_Mint=Denver Mint
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ruby_Falls=Ruby Falls
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hawa_Mahal=Hawa Mahal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stratford_Hall_(plantation)=Stratford Hall (plantation)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Forbes_Mill=Forbes Mill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Queen_Victoria_Building=Queen Victoria Building
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lidtke_Mill=Lidtke Mill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glen_Echo_Park,_Maryland=Glen Echo Park, Maryland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Farley_Post_Office=James Farley Post Office
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fort_Walla_Walla=Fort Walla Walla
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cabbagetown,_Atlanta=Cabbagetown, Atlanta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cabot_Tower_(St._John's)=Cabot Tower (St. John's)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Umpqua_River_Bridge=Umpqua River Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Utah_Territorial_Statehouse=Utah Territorial Statehouse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cades_Cove=Cades Cove
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Berjaya_Times_Square=Berjaya Times Square
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Westport_House=Westport House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/College_Hall_(Michigan_State_University)=College Hall (Michigan State University)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Bedford_Whaling_National_Historical_Park=New Bedford Whaling National Historical Park
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jordan_Hall=Jordan Hall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Findlay_Market=Findlay Market
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Powers_Auditorium=Powers Auditorium
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shinnecock_Hills_Golf_Club=Shinnecock Hills Golf Club
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Olympia_Fields_Country_Club=Olympia Fields Country Club
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seamen's_Bethel=Seamen's Bethel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albuquerque_Plaza=Albuquerque Plaza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Compass_Bank_Building_(Albuquerque)=Compass Bank Building (Albuquerque)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/500_Marquette=500 Marquette
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hillhouse_Avenue=Hillhouse Avenue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Central_Station_(Chicago_terminal)=Central Station (Chicago terminal)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Main_Line_of_Public_Works=Main Line of Public Works
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Druid_Hills_Historic_District_(Atlanta,_Georgia)=Druid Hills Historic District (Atlanta, Georgia)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beaumont_Tower=Beaumont Tower
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inverness_Club=Inverness Club
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Pinnacle_(London)=The Pinnacle (London)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zappeion=Zappeion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Litchfield_Law_School=Litchfield Law School
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Camp_Ripley=Camp Ripley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kings_Mountain_National_Military_Park=Kings Mountain National Military Park
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kellie's_Castle=Kellie's Castle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Foxhill_House=Foxhill House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_Davies_Square=Tom Davies Square
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kalmar_Castle=Kalmar Castle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marina_City=Marina City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Metromedia_Square=Metromedia Square
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bank_of_America_Tower_(New_York_City)=Bank of America Tower (New York City)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cabrillo_National_Monument=Cabrillo National Monument
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Salinas_Pueblo_Missions_National_Monument=Salinas Pueblo Missions National Monument
http://dbpedia.org/resource/De_Soto_National_Memorial=De Soto National Memorial
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Edison_National_Historical_Park=Thomas Edison National Historical Park
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fort_Union_Trading_Post_National_Historic_Site=Fort Union Trading Post National Historic Site
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grant-Kohrs_Ranch_National_Historic_Site=Grant-Kohrs Ranch National Historic Site
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pecos_National_Historical_Park=Pecos National Historical Park
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wingspread=Wingspread
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chief_Vann_House_Historic_Site=Chief Vann House Historic Site
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bellingrath_Gardens_and_Home=Bellingrath Gardens and Home
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Istana_Negara,_Jalan_Istana=Istana Negara, Jalan Istana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Granite_Railway=Granite Railway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gold_Building=Gold Building
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dennis_Chavez_Federal_Building=Dennis Chavez Federal Building
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PNM_Building=PNM Building
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fonthill_(house)=Fonthill (house)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Government_Buildings=Government Buildings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Simms_Building=Simms Building
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pete_V._Domenici_United_States_Courthouse=Pete V. Domenici United States Courthouse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/KiMo_Theater=KiMo Theater
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Federal_Building_and_United_States_Courthouse_(Albuquerque,_New_Mexico)=Federal Building and United States Courthouse (Albuquerque, New Mexico)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sunshine_Building=Sunshine Building
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hong_Kong_Cultural_Centre=Hong Kong Cultural Centre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kohala_Historical_Sites_State_Monument=Kohala Historical Sites State Monument
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Divinity_Hall,_Harvard_Divinity_School=Divinity Hall, Harvard Divinity School
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Main_Tower=Main Tower
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SEG_Plaza=SEG Plaza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spiegel_Grove=Spiegel Grove
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Old_Manse=The Old Manse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Natural_History_Museum_of_Los_Angeles_County=Natural History Museum of Los Angeles County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Torre_Colpatria=Torre Colpatria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bennett_Place=Bennett Place
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canterbury_Museum,_Christchurch=Canterbury Museum, Christchurch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cray_Plaza=Cray Plaza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ponte_City_Apartments=Ponte City Apartments
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Standard_Bank_Centre=Standard Bank Centre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/UCS_Building=UCS Building
http://dbpedia.org/resource/IBM_Building,_Johannesburg=IBM Building, Johannesburg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hong_Kong_Coliseum=Hong Kong Coliseum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_York_Cancer_Hospital=New York Cancer Hospital
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alaska_State_Capitol=Alaska State Capitol
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alabama_State_Capitol=Alabama State Capitol
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arizona_State_Capitol=Arizona State Capitol
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Connecticut_State_Capitol=Connecticut State Capitol
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Balinese_Room=Balinese Room
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Florida_State_Capitol=Florida State Capitol
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marble_Towers=Marble Towers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Absa_Tower=Absa Tower
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Exchange_Square_(Johannesburg)=Exchange Square (Johannesburg)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carvery=Carvery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johnson's_Island=Johnson's Island
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Jefferson_Clinton_Federal_Building=William Jefferson Clinton Federal Building
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Desert_Star_Theater=Desert Star Theater
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reynoldstown=Reynoldstown
http://dbpedia.org/resource/General_Electric_Building=General Electric Building
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fort_Delaware=Fort Delaware
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dechencholing_Palace=Dechencholing Palace
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Munroe_Tavern_(Lexington,_Massachusetts)=Munroe Tavern (Lexington, Massachusetts)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hancock-Clarke_House=Hancock-Clarke House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buckman_Tavern=Buckman Tavern
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shwedagon_Pagoda=Shwedagon Pagoda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sava_Centar=Sava Centar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hermit's_Rest=Hermit's Rest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/612_ABC_Brisbane=612 ABC Brisbane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Suncor_Energy_Centre=Suncor Energy Centre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raffles_City=Raffles City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mendocino_Woodlands_State_Park=Mendocino Woodlands State Park
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miami_Tower=Miami Tower
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yale_Center_for_British_Art=Yale Center for British Art
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Teddington_Studios=Teddington Studios
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Merdeka_Palace=Merdeka Palace
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lucin_Cutoff=Lucin Cutoff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/LeVeque_Tower=LeVeque Tower
http://dbpedia.org/resource/2_Columbus_Circle=2 Columbus Circle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Westfield_Stratford_City=Westfield Stratford City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Donner_Memorial_State_Park=Donner Memorial State Park
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pillsbury_A-Mill=Pillsbury A-Mill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/KCBS-TV/FM_Tower=KCBS-TV/FM Tower
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crozer_Theological_Seminary=Crozer Theological Seminary
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carlisle_Indian_Industrial_School=Carlisle Indian Industrial School
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Valluvar_Kottam=Valluvar Kottam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PopMart_Tour=PopMart Tour
http://dbpedia.org/resource/African_Meeting_House=African Meeting House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Conservatory_of_Flowers=Conservatory of Flowers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AXA_Equitable_Center=AXA Equitable Center
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arlington_House,_The_Robert_E._Lee_Memorial=Arlington House, The Robert E. Lee Memorial
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fort_Defiance_(Ohio)=Fort Defiance (Ohio)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Elmo_Historic_District_(Chattanooga,_Tennessee)=St. Elmo Historic District (Chattanooga, Tennessee)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oakmont_Country_Club=Oakmont Country Club
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Struve_Geodetic_Arc=Struve Geodetic Arc
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Old_State_House_(Connecticut)=Old State House (Connecticut)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Cullinan=The Cullinan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Admiralty_House,_London=Admiralty House, London
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scarab_Club=Scarab Club
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bramall_Hall=Bramall Hall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Police_Cantonment_Complex=Police Cantonment Complex
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eisenhower_Executive_Office_Building=Eisenhower Executive Office Building
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scotty's_Castle=Scotty's Castle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Old_East=Old East
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fort_Wayne_(Detroit)=Fort Wayne (Detroit)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fort_Miami_(Ohio)=Fort Miami (Ohio)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Naumkeag=Naumkeag
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Westminster_Bank,_Liverpool=National Westminster Bank, Liverpool
http://dbpedia.org/resource/731_Lexington_Avenue=731 Lexington Avenue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Ski_Hall_of_Fame=National Ski Hall of Fame
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Altare_della_Patria=Altare della Patria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Russell_Street_Police_Headquarters=Russell Street Police Headquarters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fitzpatrick_Center=Fitzpatrick Center
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Little_Theatre_(Rochester,_New_York)=Little Theatre (Rochester, New York)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Swedish_Institute=American Swedish Institute
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Murdock_School=Murdock School
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fort_St._Philip=Fort St. Philip
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fort_Jackson,_Louisiana=Fort Jackson, Louisiana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/First_Unitarian_Church_of_Rochester=First Unitarian Church of Rochester
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Old_South_Church=Old South Church
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rayburn_House_Office_Building=Rayburn House Office Building
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Hoyle_House=Peter Hoyle House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grand_Prince_Hotel_Akasaka=Grand Prince Hotel Akasaka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chicago_Spire=Chicago Spire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Williamsburgh_Savings_Bank=Williamsburgh Savings Bank
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Liberal_Club=National Liberal Club
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Purani_Haveli=Purani Haveli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/California_Science_Center=California Science Center
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adams_National_Historical_Park=Adams National Historical Park
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CBS_Studio_Center=CBS Studio Center
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abdeen_Palace=Abdeen Palace
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fort_Warren_(Massachusetts)=Fort Warren (Massachusetts)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brown_Hotel_(Louisville,_Kentucky)=Brown Hotel (Louisville, Kentucky)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Polesden_Lacey=Polesden Lacey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/McCormick_Observatory=McCormick Observatory
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Riverside_Plaza=Riverside Plaza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Federal_Reserve_Bank_of_Cleveland=Federal Reserve Bank of Cleveland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fort_Robinson=Fort Robinson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lexington_Cemetery=Lexington Cemetery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cave_Hill_Cemetery=Cave Hill Cemetery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Castle_Pinckney=Castle Pinckney
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Summit_Square=Summit Square
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Montpelier_(Orange,_Virginia)=Montpelier (Orange, Virginia)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Rogers_Clark_National_Historical_Park=George Rogers Clark National Historical Park
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kalaupapa_Leprosy_Settlement_and_National_Historical_Park=Kalaupapa Leprosy Settlement and National Historical Park
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lafitte's_Blacksmith_Shop=Lafitte's Blacksmith Shop
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tougaloo_College=Tougaloo College
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stillwater_Bridge_(St._Croix_River)=Stillwater Bridge (St. Croix River)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Conway_Hall_Ethical_Society=Conway Hall Ethical Society
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deering_Oaks=Deering Oaks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Casa_da_Moeda_do_Brasil=Casa da Moeda do Brasil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vienna_Twin_Tower=Vienna Twin Tower
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pier_57=Pier 57
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ginocchio=The Ginocchio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Legation,_Tangier=American Legation, Tangier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Echo_Lake_Park=Echo Lake Park
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charleston_Naval_Shipyard=Charleston Naval Shipyard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sri_Temasek=Sri Temasek
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adair_County_Courthouse_(Oklahoma)=Adair County Courthouse (Oklahoma)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Golda's_Mill=Golda's Mill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buffington_Hotel=Buffington Hotel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Second_Presbyterian_Church_(Chicago)=Second Presbyterian Church (Chicago)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doughoregan_Manor=Doughoregan Manor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Expedition_Island=Expedition Island
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fort_Yellowstone=Fort Yellowstone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phipps_Conservatory_and_Botanical_Gardens=Phipps Conservatory and Botanical Gardens
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wagner_Free_Institute_of_Science=Wagner Free Institute of Science
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grand_Circus_Park_Historic_District=Grand Circus Park Historic District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gem_Theatre=Gem Theatre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fort_Lyon=Fort Lyon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benedict_Arnold's_expedition_to_Quebec=Benedict Arnold's expedition to Quebec
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pellissier_Building_and_Wiltern_Theatre=Pellissier Building and Wiltern Theatre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Logan_Circle_(Philadelphia)=Logan Circle (Philadelphia)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Honolulu_Museum_of_Art=Honolulu Museum of Art
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kenwood,_St._George's_Hill=Kenwood, St. George's Hill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Whitney_Building=David Whitney Building
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alex_Theatre=Alex Theatre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Suntory_Hall=Suntory Hall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Adams_Birthplace=John Adams Birthplace
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Quincy_Adams_Birthplace=John Quincy Adams Birthplace
http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_First_Parish_Church=United First Parish Church
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Crane_Public_Library=Thomas Crane Public Library
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mamo_Tower=Mamo Tower
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colonel_John_Ashley_House=Colonel John Ashley House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arrowhead_(Herman_Melville_House)=Arrowhead (Herman Melville House)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._George's_School,_Newport=St. George's School, Newport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacob's_Pillow_Dance=Jacob's Pillow Dance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baltusrol_Golf_Club=Baltusrol Golf Club
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1180_Peachtree=1180 Peachtree
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_York_State_Canal_System=New York State Canal System
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Opera_Block=Opera Block
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bushnell_Park=Bushnell Park
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Bartholomew's_Episcopal_Church_(Manhattan)=St. Bartholomew's Episcopal Church (Manhattan)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrew_Johnson_National_Historic_Site=Andrew Johnson National Historic Site
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Radcliffe_Observatory=Radcliffe Observatory
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fort_Beauregard=Fort Beauregard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Theatre_of_Costa_Rica=National Theatre of Costa Rica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Davy_Byrne's_pub=Davy Byrne's pub
http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States_Supreme_Court_Building=United States Supreme Court Building
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rajabai_Clock_Tower=Rajabai Clock Tower
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Comcast_Center_(Philadelphia)=Comcast Center (Philadelphia)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kinfauns_(Surrey)=Kinfauns (Surrey)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Station_Square=Station Square
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taft_Bridge=Taft Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dumbarton_Bridge_(Washington,_D.C.)=Dumbarton Bridge (Washington, D.C.)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crapo_Park=Crapo Park
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Citigroup_Center_(Chicago)=Citigroup Center (Chicago)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_Point_(Linn,_Wisconsin)=Black Point (Linn, Wisconsin)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mars_Hill_University=Mars Hill University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Croton_Aqueduct=Croton Aqueduct
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trump_Hotel_Las_Vegas=Trump Hotel Las Vegas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Millennium_Tower_(London)=Millennium Tower (London)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Renwick_Gallery=Renwick Gallery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Commandant's_Quarters_(Fort_Gibson,_Oklahoma)=Commandant's Quarters (Fort Gibson, Oklahoma)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Illinois=The Illinois
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Villa_Philmonte=Villa Philmonte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harbour_City_(Hong_Kong)=Harbour City (Hong Kong)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brooklyn_Army_Terminal=Brooklyn Army Terminal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/South_Pass_City,_Wyoming=South Pass City, Wyoming
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fort_Barrancas=Fort Barrancas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Great_Dolmen_of_Zambujeiro=Great Dolmen of Zambujeiro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marble_House=Marble House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chateau-sur-Mer=Chateau-sur-Mer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Smith_Memorial_Building=Joseph Smith Memorial Building
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cooch's_Bridge=Cooch's Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Camp_Randall=Camp Randall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nichols_Hall=Nichols Hall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pui_Tak_Center=Pui Tak Center
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phoenix_Shot_Tower=Phoenix Shot Tower
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gonda_Building=Gonda Building
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Omonoia_Square=Omonoia Square
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Smart_Studios=Smart Studios
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moravian_Pottery_and_Tile_Works=Moravian Pottery and Tile Works
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benthall_Hall=Benthall Hall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taiyuan_Satellite_Launch_Center=Taiyuan Satellite Launch Center
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maine_State_House=Maine State House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hollin_Hills=Hollin Hills
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richmond_Palace=Richmond Palace
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albany_(London)=Albany (London)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crown_Perth=Crown Perth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ouray_City_Hall_and_Walsh_Library=Ouray City Hall and Walsh Library
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Castlemead=Castlemead
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roshek's=Roshek's
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beaubien_House=Beaubien House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lake_Point_Tower=Lake Point Tower
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clermont_State_Historic_Site=Clermont State Historic Site
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Federation_Tower=Federation Tower
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Presidio_of_Santa_Barbara=Presidio of Santa Barbara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boathouse_Row=Boathouse Row
http://dbpedia.org/resource/McGolrick_Park=McGolrick Park
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elvaston_Castle=Elvaston Castle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hearst_Tower_(Manhattan)=Hearst Tower (Manhattan)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/No._1_Deansgate=No. 1 Deansgate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lakewood_Cemetery=Lakewood Cemetery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/South_Fork_Fishing_and_Hunting_Club=South Fork Fishing and Hunting Club
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Woodlawn_Cemetery_(Elmira,_New_York)=Woodlawn Cemetery (Elmira, New York)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Belfast_City_Hall=Belfast City Hall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Law_Courts,_Brisbane=Law Courts, Brisbane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bayhorse,_Idaho=Bayhorse, Idaho
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hotel_Theresa=Hotel Theresa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rockwell_Automation_Headquarters_and_Allen-Bradley_Clock_Tower=Rockwell Automation Headquarters and Allen-Bradley Clock Tower
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Howard_Taft_National_Historic_Site=William Howard Taft National Historic Site
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swindon_Works=Swindon Works
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Plantation_Place=Plantation Place
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Union_Oil_Company_Building=Union Oil Company Building
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ventura_County_Courthouse=Ventura County Courthouse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fort_McIntosh_(Pennsylvania)=Fort McIntosh (Pennsylvania)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rancho_Camulos=Rancho Camulos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heron_Tower=Heron Tower
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oak_Alley_Plantation=Oak Alley Plantation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/International_Hotel_(San_Francisco)=International Hotel (San Francisco)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Soldiers'_and_Sailors'_Monument_(Indianapolis)=Soldiers' and Sailors' Monument (Indianapolis)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Golkonda=Golkonda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Myrtles_Plantation=Myrtles Plantation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saratoga_Spa_State_Park=Saratoga Spa State Park
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caleb_Smith_State_Park_Preserve=Caleb Smith State Park Preserve
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ganondagan_State_Historic_Site=Ganondagan State Historic Site
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Circus_World_Museum=Circus World Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madh_Fort=Madh Fort
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mahim_Fort=Mahim Fort
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gore_Place=Gore Place
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lyman_Estate=Lyman Estate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Treat_Paine_Estate=Robert Treat Paine Estate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Muir_National_Historic_Site=John Muir National Historic Site
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tuskegee_Airmen_National_Historic_Site=Tuskegee Airmen National Historic Site
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sewri_Fort=Sewri Fort
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mazagon_Fort=Mazagon Fort
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scarborough_Civic_Centre=Scarborough Civic Centre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eleanor_Cabot_Bradley_Estate=Eleanor Cabot Bradley Estate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rouen_Cathedral=Rouen Cathedral
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parliament_House,_Brisbane=Parliament House, Brisbane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roycroft=Roycroft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eugene_O'Neill_National_Historic_Site=Eugene O'Neill National Historic Site
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edgar_Allan_Poe_National_Historic_Site=Edgar Allan Poe National Historic Site
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cooper-Frost-Austin_House=Cooper-Frost-Austin House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gulf_Tower=Gulf Tower
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bosmal_City_Center=Bosmal City Center
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Captain_Lemuel_Clap_House=Captain Lemuel Clap House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Clapp_House=William Clapp House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Koppers_Tower=Koppers Tower
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grant_Building=Grant Building
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bradlee-McIntyre_House=Bradlee-McIntyre House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_Sandburg_Home_National_Historic_Site=Carl Sandburg Home National Historic Site
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_Oxford_Centre=One Oxford Centre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frick_Building=Frick Building
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meier_&_Frank_Building=Meier & Frank Building
http://dbpedia.org/resource/King_Caesar_House=King Caesar House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reginald_A._Fessenden_House=Reginald A. Fessenden House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/State_Library_of_Queensland=State Library of Queensland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thaddeus_Kosciuszko_National_Memorial=Thaddeus Kosciuszko National Memorial
http://dbpedia.org/resource/General_Post_Office,_Brisbane=General Post Office, Brisbane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mansions,_Brisbane=The Mansions, Brisbane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karen_Blixen_Museum_(Kenya)=Karen Blixen Museum (Kenya)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Union_Station_(Providence)=Union Station (Providence)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baker_Hotel_(Mineral_Wells,_Texas)=Baker Hotel (Mineral Wells, Texas)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_Slope,_Tacoma,_Washington=North Slope, Tacoma, Washington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/French_Quarter_(Charleston,_South_Carolina)=French Quarter (Charleston, South Carolina)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/War_in_the_Pacific_National_Historical_Park=War in the Pacific National Historical Park
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Acklam_Hall=Acklam Hall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lyndhurst_(mansion)=Lyndhurst (mansion)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orange_County_Government_Center=Orange County Government Center
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baldwin_House_(Woburn,_Massachusetts)=Baldwin House (Woburn, Massachusetts)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Union_Station_(Louisville)=Union Station (Louisville)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sunnyside_(Tarrytown,_New_York)=Sunnyside (Tarrytown, New York)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Conner_Prairie=Conner Prairie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meridian_Museum_of_Art=Meridian Museum of Art
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Tufts_House=Peter Tufts House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isaac_Royall_House=Isaac Royall House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grandfather's_House=Grandfather's House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Massachusetts_Hall_(Harvard_University)=Massachusetts Hall (Harvard University)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Government_House,_Brisbane=Government House, Brisbane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Berliner_Philharmonie=Berliner Philharmonie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tomb_of_Muhammad_Iqbal=Tomb of Muhammad Iqbal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hooper-Lee-Nichols_House=Hooper-Lee-Nichols House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elmwood_(Cambridge,_Massachusetts)=Elmwood (Cambridge, Massachusetts)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blue_Cross_Centre=Blue Cross Centre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Smith_Memorial_Library=Smith Memorial Library
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dia:Beacon=Dia:Beacon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Metropolitan_Tower_(Manhattan)=Metropolitan Tower (Manhattan)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carnegie_Hall_Tower=Carnegie Hall Tower
http://dbpedia.org/resource/San_Francisco_Mint=San Francisco Mint
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oregon_Convention_Center=Oregon Convention Center
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philipsburg_Manor_House=Philipsburg Manor House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cathedral_of_the_Immaculate_Conception_(Fort_Wayne,_Indiana)=Cathedral of the Immaculate Conception (Fort Wayne, Indiana)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peralta_Home=Peralta Home
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Montrose_Park=Montrose Park
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dumbarton_Oaks_Park=Dumbarton Oaks Park
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Petersen_House=Petersen House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tokyo_Skytree=Tokyo Skytree
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Akal_Takht=Akal Takht
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theodore_Roosevelt_Birthplace_National_Historic_Site=Theodore Roosevelt Birthplace National Historic Site
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taunton_City_Hall=Taunton City Hall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/First_Unitarian_Church_of_Oakland=First Unitarian Church of Oakland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Perth_Mint=Perth Mint
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chapultepec_Castle=Chapultepec Castle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MacArthur_Central=MacArthur Central
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Smithfield_Street_Bridge=Smithfield Street Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tre_Kronor_(castle)=Tre Kronor (castle)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moratock_Park=Moratock Park
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monterey_State_Historic_Park=Monterey State Historic Park
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Treasury_Building,_Brisbane=Treasury Building, Brisbane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fort_Adams=Fort Adams
http://dbpedia.org/resource/200_Vesey_Street=200 Vesey Street
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fairmount_Water_Works=Fairmount Water Works
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Jersey_State_House=New Jersey State House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jaffa_Gate=Jaffa Gate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Purdy's_Wharf=Purdy's Wharf
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chalmette_National_Cemetery=Chalmette National Cemetery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hawthorn_Hill=Hawthorn Hill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moor_House=Moor House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Duke_Ellington_School_of_the_Arts=Duke Ellington School of the Arts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Singapore_Flyer=Singapore Flyer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wamsutta_Mills=Wamsutta Mills
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Copenhagen_Opera_House=Copenhagen Opera House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Berkeley_City_Club=Berkeley City Club
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Olivas_Adobe=Olivas Adobe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sony_Pictures_Studios=Sony Pictures Studios
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Croll_Building=Croll Building
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Freshwater_Place=Freshwater Place
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brisbane_Powerhouse=Brisbane Powerhouse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hall_of_Fame_for_Great_Americans=Hall of Fame for Great Americans
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ashland_(Henry_Clay_estate)=Ashland (Henry Clay estate)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Balboa_Pavilion=Balboa Pavilion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kennedy_Mine=Kennedy Mine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Community_Methodist_Church_of_Ione=Community Methodist Church of Ione
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Knight_Foundry=Knight Foundry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mariners'_Church=Mariners' Church
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wagon_Bed_Spring_(Kansas)=Wagon Bed Spring (Kansas)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Imperial_(Mumbai)=The Imperial (Mumbai)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilson_College_(Pennsylvania)=Wilson College (Pennsylvania)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silberturm=Silberturm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trianon_(Frankfurt_am_Main)=Trianon (Frankfurt am Main)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hoover_Building=Hoover Building
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Montreal_City_Hall=Montreal City Hall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Revere_House=Paul Revere House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nathaniel_Bowditch_House=Nathaniel Bowditch House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Capon_Chapel=Capon Chapel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spencer-Peirce-Little_Farm=Spencer-Peirce-Little Farm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louisiana_State_Capitol=Louisiana State Capitol
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arlington_Street_Church=Arlington Street Church
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_York_World_Building=New York World Building
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Young_and_Jackson_Hotel=Young and Jackson Hotel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Old_Main_(University_of_Arkansas)=Old Main (University of Arkansas)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Empire_Mine_State_Historic_Park=Empire Mine State Historic Park
http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_Point_Mint=West Point Mint
http://dbpedia.org/resource/USC_Pacific_Asia_Museum=USC Pacific Asia Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Cubby_Bear=The Cubby Bear
http://dbpedia.org/resource/China_Camp_State_Park=China Camp State Park
http://dbpedia.org/resource/10_Universal_City_Plaza=10 Universal City Plaza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Genoa_Indian_Industrial_School=Genoa Indian Industrial School
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angels_Hotel=Angels Hotel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Law_Courts_of_Brussels=Law Courts of Brussels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Altaville_Grammar_School=Altaville Grammar School
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coso_Hot_Springs=Coso Hot Springs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Milwaukee_City_Hall=Milwaukee City Hall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mordecai_Zachary_House=Mordecai Zachary House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johnson_C._Smith_University=Johnson C. Smith University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leland_Stanford_Mansion_State_Historic_Park=Leland Stanford Mansion State Historic Park
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Champlain_Canal=Champlain Canal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rialto_Square_Theatre=Rialto Square Theatre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Woodstock_Opera_House=Woodstock Opera House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Danbury_Railway_Museum=Danbury Railway Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wrigley_Mansion=Wrigley Mansion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_Seneca_Tower=One Seneca Tower
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wells_Fargo_Center_(Denver)=Wells Fargo Center (Denver)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benicia_Arsenal=Benicia Arsenal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sydney_Mint=Sydney Mint
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cushing_House_Museum_and_Garden=Cushing House Museum and Garden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/W._R._Grace_Building=W. R. Grace Building
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goulding's_Trading_Post=Goulding's Trading Post
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beth_Sholom_Congregation_(Elkins_Park,_Pennsylvania)=Beth Sholom Congregation (Elkins Park, Pennsylvania)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Genesee_Towers=Genesee Towers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/First_Landing_State_Park=First Landing State Park
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wheatland_(James_Buchanan_House)=Wheatland (James Buchanan House)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/First_Unitarian_Society_of_Madison=First Unitarian Society of Madison
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Old_Kentucky_Home_State_Park=My Old Kentucky Home State Park
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glenkerry_House=Glenkerry House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glaspaleis=Glaspaleis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Green_Spring_Plantation=Green Spring Plantation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Governor's_Palace_(Williamsburg,_Virginia)=Governor's Palace (Williamsburg, Virginia)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benson_Hotel=Benson Hotel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trimborn_Farm=Trimborn Farm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mark_O._Hatfield_United_States_Courthouse=Mark O. Hatfield United States Courthouse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moda_Tower=Moda Tower
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pioneer_Courthouse=Pioneer Courthouse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lalitha_Mahal=Lalitha Mahal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Morris_Castle=Morris Castle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yanco_Agricultural_High_School=Yanco Agricultural High School
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gillette_Castle_State_Park=Gillette Castle State Park
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mickey's_Diner=Mickey's Diner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Greenleaf_Whittier_House=John Greenleaf Whittier House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saint-Gaudens_National_Historic_Site=Saint-Gaudens National Historic Site
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Old_Government_House,_Queensland=Old Government House, Queensland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coop's_Shot_Tower=Coop's Shot Tower
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Getty_House=Getty House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oslo_City_Hall=Oslo City Hall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Russia_Tower=Russia Tower
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parlange_Plantation_House=Parlange Plantation House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edmund_Fowle_House=Edmund Fowle House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vassar_College_Observatory=Vassar College Observatory
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sparkasse_Hagen_tower=Sparkasse Hagen tower
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hartford_(village),_Vermont=Hartford (village), Vermont
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Schindler_House=Schindler House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tatoosh_Island,_Washington=Tatoosh Island, Washington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harold_Washington_Library=Harold Washington Library
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Royal_Palace,_Phnom_Penh=Royal Palace, Phnom Penh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cook_Forest_State_Park=Cook Forest State Park
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cardinal_Place=Cardinal Place
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ritz_Theatre_(Haddon_Township,_New_Jersey)=Ritz Theatre (Haddon Township, New Jersey)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samuel_P._Dinsmoor=Samuel P. Dinsmoor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Al._Ringling_Theatre=Al. Ringling Theatre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_Nationwide_Plaza=One Nationwide Plaza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Basilica_of_St._Josaphat=Basilica of St. Josaphat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gertrude_Rhinelander_Waldo_House=Gertrude Rhinelander Waldo House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clifton_Hill_Shot_Tower=Clifton Hill Shot Tower
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dorchester=The Dorchester
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lockport_Powerhouse=Lockport Powerhouse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atlanta_City_Hall=Atlanta City Hall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Normandie_Hotel=Normandie Hotel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_York_Civic_Centre=North York Civic Centre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/York_Civic_Centre=York Civic Centre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Etobicoke_Civic_Centre=Etobicoke Civic Centre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/East_York_Civic_Centre=East York Civic Centre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fort_Salonga=Fort Salonga
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Potomac,_Virginia=Potomac, Virginia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bhavani_Mandap=Bhavani Mandap
http://dbpedia.org/resource/102_Petty_France=102 Petty France
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clifton,_Louisville=Clifton, Louisville
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Salaberry_Armoury=Salaberry Armoury
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Riverside_Centre,_Brisbane=Riverside Centre, Brisbane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1_Police_Plaza=1 Police Plaza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vancouver_City_Hall=Vancouver City Hall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coffman_Memorial_Union=Coffman Memorial Union
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seven_Pines=Seven Pines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Museum_of_Ghana=National Museum of Ghana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beverly_Wilshire_Hotel=Beverly Wilshire Hotel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fels_Institute_of_Government=Fels Institute of Government
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_Raffles_Quay=One Raffles Quay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tremont_Street_Subway=Tremont Street Subway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Virginia_Robinson_Gardens=Virginia Robinson Gardens
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harkness_Memorial_State_Park=Harkness Memorial State Park
http://dbpedia.org/resource/San_Antonio_Japanese_Tea_Garden=San Antonio Japanese Tea Garden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Endview_Plantation=Endview Plantation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lee_Hall_Mansion=Lee Hall Mansion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Limerick,_Louisville=Limerick, Louisville
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Altenstein=Altenstein
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ellicott's_Stone=Ellicott's Stone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Congress_Avenue_Historic_District=Congress Avenue Historic District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St_Mary's_Church,_Handsworth=St Mary's Church, Handsworth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Old_Museum_Building,_Brisbane=Old Museum Building, Brisbane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swannanoa_(mansion)=Swannanoa (mansion)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Belmont,_Nevada=Belmont, Nevada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Camp_Evans_Historic_District=Camp Evans Historic District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jesse_James_Home_Museum=Jesse James Home Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Milliken_Memorial_Community_House=Milliken Memorial Community House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arbor_Lodge_State_Historical_Park_and_Arboretum=Arbor Lodge State Historical Park and Arboretum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spanish_City=Spanish City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cobbs_Creek,_Philadelphia=Cobbs Creek, Philadelphia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Old_Todd_County_Courthouse=Old Todd County Courthouse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ringwood_Manor=Ringwood Manor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sandringham_Hotel,_Newtown=Sandringham Hotel, Newtown
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_King_Street_West=One King Street West
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manulife_Centre=Manulife Centre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Campo_de_Cahuenga=Campo de Cahuenga
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hershey's_Chocolate_World=Hershey's Chocolate World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/10_Admiral_Grove=10 Admiral Grove
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Birmingham_Assay_Office=Birmingham Assay Office
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Olympic_Tower=Olympic Tower
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bancroft_Mills=Bancroft Mills
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Utica_Psychiatric_Center=Utica Psychiatric Center
http://dbpedia.org/resource/El_Badi_Palace=El Badi Palace
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brookfield_Place_(Toronto)=Brookfield Place (Toronto)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_Saints_Church,_Howick=All Saints Church, Howick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Olana_State_Historic_Site=Olana State Historic Site
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gallileo=Gallileo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mandarin_Orchard_Singapore=Mandarin Orchard Singapore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Perth_Town_Hall=Perth Town Hall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trinity_Repertory_Company=Trinity Repertory Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Skylands=Skylands
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saint_Laurence_Gate=Saint Laurence Gate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Germantown_White_House=Germantown White House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Page-Vawter_House=Page-Vawter House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brattleboro_Museum_and_Art_Center=Brattleboro Museum and Art Center
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peale_Museum=Peale Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rapidan_Camp=Rapidan Camp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vienna_International_Centre=Vienna International Centre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cowdray_House=Cowdray House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marin_County_Civic_Center=Marin County Civic Center
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fleishhacker_Pool=Fleishhacker Pool
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dunrobin_Castle=Dunrobin Castle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fort_Mason=Fort Mason
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Royal_Panopticon=Royal Panopticon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ohio_State_Reformatory=Ohio State Reformatory
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bullocks_Wilshire=Bullocks Wilshire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Century_Theatre_(New_York_City)=Century Theatre (New York City)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eldridge_Street_Synagogue=Eldridge Street Synagogue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cathedral_of_Our_Lady_of_the_Assumption,_Port-au-Prince=Cathedral of Our Lady of the Assumption, Port-au-Prince
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monadnock_Building=Monadnock Building
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trader's_Bank_Building=Trader's Bank Building
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_McBrien_Building=William McBrien Building
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sun_Life_Centre=Sun Life Centre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bank_of_Canada_Building_(Toronto)=Bank of Canada Building (Toronto)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_York_Life_Insurance_Building_(Montreal)=New York Life Insurance Building (Montreal)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canada_Life_Building,_Montreal=Canada Life Building, Montreal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Whampoa_Garden=Whampoa Garden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Telus_Tower_(Montreal)=Telus Tower (Montreal)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Old_Toronto_Star_Building=Old Toronto Star Building
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shaw_Tower_(Vancouver)=Shaw Tower (Vancouver)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canterra_Tower=Canterra Tower
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TransCanada_Tower,_Calgary=TransCanada Tower, Calgary
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Western_Canadian_Place=Western Canadian Place
http://dbpedia.org/resource/First_Canadian_Centre=First Canadian Centre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TD_Canada_Trust_Tower,_Calgary=TD Canada Trust Tower, Calgary
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scotia_Centre_(Calgary)=Scotia Centre (Calgary)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Occidental_Life_Building=Occidental Life Building
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Capitol_(Williamsburg,_Virginia)=Capitol (Williamsburg, Virginia)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Woodland_Cemetery_and_Arboretum=Woodland Cemetery and Arboretum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CIS_Tower=CIS Tower
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gloria_Dei_(Old_Swedes')_Church=Gloria Dei (Old Swedes') Church
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Simcoe_Place=Simcoe Place
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Haven_Lawn_Club=New Haven Lawn Club
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Southwestern_Brewery_and_Ice_Company=Southwestern Brewery and Ice Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_London_Studios=The London Studios
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lower_East_Side_Tenement_Museum=Lower East Side Tenement Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pantages_Tower=Pantages Tower
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hudson's_Bay_Centre=Hudson's Bay Centre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Exchange_Tower=Exchange Tower
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ontario_Power_Building=Ontario Power Building
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Four_Seasons_Hotel_Toronto=Four Seasons Hotel Toronto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pasaquan=Pasaquan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Knox_United_Church_(Scarborough)=Knox United Church (Scarborough)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buffalo_City_Hall=Buffalo City Hall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buffalo_City_Court_Building=Buffalo City Court Building
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liberty_Building_(Buffalo,_New_York)=Liberty Building (Buffalo, New York)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hotel_Andaluz=Hotel Andaluz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cowles_House_(East_Lansing,_Michigan)=Cowles House (East Lansing, Michigan)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jones_Motor_Company=Jones Motor Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jefferson_Davis_State_Historic_Site=Jefferson Davis State Historic Site
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nauru_House=Nauru House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Simpsons_house=The Simpsons house
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gold_Dome=Gold Dome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fredensborg_Palace=Fredensborg Palace
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jurys_Inn_Birmingham=Jurys Inn Birmingham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stoclet_Palace=Stoclet Palace
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Newstead_House,_Brisbane=Newstead House, Brisbane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colorado_Street_Bridge_(Pasadena,_California)=Colorado Street Bridge (Pasadena, California)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cameron_Offices,_Belconnen=Cameron Offices, Belconnen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NHK_Broadcasting_Center=NHK Broadcasting Center
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cloudland=Cloudland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reading_Terminal=Reading Terminal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abrigo_do_Lagar_Velho=Abrigo do Lagar Velho
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prospect_Point_Park_observation_tower=Prospect Point Park observation tower
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glass_House=Glass House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Orleans_Cotton_Exchange=New Orleans Cotton Exchange
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dumbarton_House=Dumbarton House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Old_West_Church_(Boston,_Massachusetts)=Old West Church (Boston, Massachusetts)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harrison_Gray_Otis_House=Harrison Gray Otis House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atrium_on_Bay=Atrium on Bay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lord_Simcoe_Hotel=Lord Simcoe Hotel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Uptown_Residences=The Uptown Residences
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canadian_Pacific_Building_(Toronto)=Canadian Pacific Building (Toronto)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Montgomery's_Inn=Montgomery's Inn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amway_Grand_Plaza_Hotel=Amway Grand Plaza Hotel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Victoria_Hospital_for_Sick_Children=Victoria Hospital for Sick Children
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daniel_Brooke_Building=Daniel Brooke Building
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._John's_Archcathedral_(Warsaw)=St. John's Archcathedral (Warsaw)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bank_of_Upper_Canada_Building=Bank of Upper Canada Building
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mesa_Verde_Administrative_District=Mesa Verde Administrative District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/East_India_House=East India House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alcan_Lynemouth_Aluminium_Smelter=Alcan Lynemouth Aluminium Smelter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carillon_Historical_Park=Carillon Historical Park
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Castella_de_Aguada=Castella de Aguada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bessborough_Armoury=Bessborough Armoury
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Overseas_Railroad=Overseas Railroad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vikingsholm=Vikingsholm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deekshabhoomi=Deekshabhoomi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/East_Potomac_Park=East Potomac Park
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Old_Town,_Chicago=Old Town, Chicago
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Summit_Inn=Summit Inn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wasatch_Academy=Wasatch Academy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bentall_5=Bentall 5
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dyer_Observatory=Dyer Observatory
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fox_Theatre_(St._Louis)=Fox Theatre (St. Louis)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parsonsfield_Seminary=Parsonsfield Seminary
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Torre_do_Tombo_National_Archive=Torre do Tombo National Archive
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charlottenlund_Palace=Charlottenlund Palace
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Palais_de_justice_(Montreal)=Palais de justice (Montreal)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Royal_Bank_Tower_(Montreal)=Royal Bank Tower (Montreal)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bonsecours_Market=Bonsecours Market
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sherzer_Hall=Sherzer Hall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Allen_University=Allen University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Santa_Fe_2926=Santa Fe 2926
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Longue_Vue_House_and_Gardens=Longue Vue House and Gardens
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Russian_Fort_Elizabeth=Russian Fort Elizabeth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Athens_Lunatic_Asylum=Athens Lunatic Asylum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cabazon_Dinosaurs=Cabazon Dinosaurs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Regatta_Hotel=Regatta Hotel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moss_Hill_Church=Moss Hill Church
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DAR_Constitution_Hall=DAR Constitution Hall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Redpath_Sugar_Refinery=Redpath Sugar Refinery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Vari_Engineering_and_Computing_Centre=George Vari Engineering and Computing Centre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toronto_Normal_School=Toronto Normal School
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Surf_Ballroom=Surf Ballroom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Midtown_Greenway=Midtown Greenway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ryerson_Library=Ryerson Library
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Saint_Michael=Mount Saint Michael
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boggy_Depot,_Oklahoma=Boggy Depot, Oklahoma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Paramount_Theatre_(Austin,_Texas)=The Paramount Theatre (Austin, Texas)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Langham_Place_(Hong_Kong)=Langham Place (Hong Kong)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/World_Finance_Tower=World Finance Tower
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bank_of_China_Tower,_Shanghai=Bank of China Tower, Shanghai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bank_of_Shanghai_Headquarters=Bank of Shanghai Headquarters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lippo_Plaza=Lippo Plaza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/K11_(Shanghai)=K11 (Shanghai)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Broadway_Mansions=Broadway Mansions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shimao_International_Plaza=Shimao International Plaza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Batchelder_House_(Pasadena,_California)=Batchelder House (Pasadena, California)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thurber_House=Thurber House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Teen_Murti_Bhavan=Teen Murti Bhavan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Virginia_Museum_of_Fine_Arts=Virginia Museum of Fine Arts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Borderland_State_Park=Borderland State Park
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Denby_High_School=Denby High School
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BOK_Tower=BOK Tower
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richfield_Tower=Richfield Tower
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bacon's_Castle=Bacon's Castle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Temperance_University=American Temperance University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Empire_State_Plaza=Empire State Plaza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baton_Rouge_River_Center=Baton Rouge River Center
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pythian_Home_of_Missouri=Pythian Home of Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Almaden=New Almaden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Optus_Centre=Optus Centre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ditmas_Park,_Brooklyn=Ditmas Park, Brooklyn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mamucium=Mamucium
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hallidie_Building=Hallidie Building
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Mary_Cathedral_(Lansing,_Michigan)=St. Mary Cathedral (Lansing, Michigan)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lincoln_Boyhood_National_Memorial=Lincoln Boyhood National Memorial
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Landers_Theatre=Landers Theatre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moss_Mansion=Moss Mansion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lafayette_High_School_(Buffalo,_New_York)=Lafayette High School (Buffalo, New York)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tribune_Tower_(Oakland)=Tribune Tower (Oakland)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/San_Felipe_de_Neri_Church=San Felipe de Neri Church
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Poenari_Castle=Poenari Castle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Westmount_Square=Westmount Square
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_London_Place=One London Place
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chamberlin_Observatory=Chamberlin Observatory
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ohio_Union=Ohio Union
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laxmi_Vilas_Palace,_Vadodara=Laxmi Vilas Palace, Vadodara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aurora,_Nevada=Aurora, Nevada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Santee_Canal=Santee Canal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wyoming_Seminary=Wyoming Seminary
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Palace_Albanija=Palace Albanija
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Old_Fort_Johnson=Old Fort Johnson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Planting_Fields_Arboretum_State_Historic_Park=Planting Fields Arboretum State Historic Park
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amesbury_Friends_Meeting_House=Amesbury Friends Meeting House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/S._R._Crown_Hall=S. R. Crown Hall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Millenia_Tower=Millenia Tower
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dal-Tex_Building=Dal-Tex Building
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_Lincoln_Tower=One Lincoln Tower
http://dbpedia.org/resource/McKim_Observatory=McKim Observatory
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Union_Oyster_House=Union Oyster House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Pan_Pacific_Singapore=The Pan Pacific Singapore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cowles_Center_for_Dance_and_the_Performing_Arts=Cowles Center for Dance and the Performing Arts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lotus_Temple=Lotus Temple
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reliance_Building=Reliance Building
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hollyhock_House=Hollyhock House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Port_Gamble,_Washington=Port Gamble, Washington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Westendstrasse_1=Westendstrasse 1
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Plummer_Building=Plummer Building
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Post_and_Mail_building,_Birmingham=Post and Mail building, Birmingham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Santa_Fe_Railway_Shops_(Albuquerque)=Santa Fe Railway Shops (Albuquerque)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bok_Tower_Gardens=Bok Tower Gardens
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peters_Cartridge_Company=Peters Cartridge Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Woodland_Ferry=Woodland Ferry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jefferson_Theatre=Jefferson Theatre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sengkang_Community_Hub=Sengkang Community Hub
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Radiator_Building=American Radiator Building
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eastbury_Manor_House=Eastbury Manor House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Texas_State_Cemetery=Texas State Cemetery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ajuda_National_Palace=Ajuda National Palace
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anniesland_Court=Anniesland Court
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Forest_Products_Laboratory=Forest Products Laboratory
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Latitude_(building)=Latitude (building)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oak_Park_Conservatory=Oak Park Conservatory
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Washington_Park_(Springfield,_Illinois)=Washington Park (Springfield, Illinois)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saunderstown=Saunderstown
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Textile_Museum_(Washington,_D.C.)=Textile Museum (Washington, D.C.)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Old_Vanderburgh_County_Courthouse=Old Vanderburgh County Courthouse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/200_Public_Square=200 Public Square
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sony_Center=Sony Center
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bandana_Square=Bandana Square
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Florence_Stockade=Florence Stockade
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Portland_Club_(Portland,_Maine)=Portland Club (Portland, Maine)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Columbus_Tower_(San_Francisco)=Columbus Tower (San Francisco)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/San_Francisco_Federal_Building=San Francisco Federal Building
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gold_Base=Gold Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hotel_Europe_(Vancouver)=Hotel Europe (Vancouver)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laurel_Hill_Cemetery=Laurel Hill Cemetery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mineral_King=Mineral King
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Haystack_Mountain_School_of_Crafts=Haystack Mountain School of Crafts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Washington_Park,_Denver=Washington Park, Denver
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Archbishop_Quigley_Preparatory_Seminary=Archbishop Quigley Preparatory Seminary
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Napa_Valley_Opera_House=Napa Valley Opera House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mondrian=The Mondrian
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yakima_Valley_Transportation_Company=Yakima Valley Transportation Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clock_Tower,_Hong_Kong=Clock Tower, Hong Kong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cape_Town_City_Hall=Cape Town City Hall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monte_Ne=Monte Ne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Joseph's_Home_for_the_Aged=St. Joseph's Home for the Aged
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Independence_Palace=Independence Palace
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prospect_Place=Prospect Place
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CBS_Broadcast_Center=CBS Broadcast Center
http://dbpedia.org/resource/State_Bank_Building,_Decatur_Branch_(Old_State_Bank)=State Bank Building, Decatur Branch (Old State Bank)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reitz_Home_Museum=Reitz Home Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fairlington,_Arlington,_Virginia=Fairlington, Arlington, Virginia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shangri-La_Hotel_Singapore=Shangri-La Hotel Singapore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grand_Hotel_(Mackinac_Island)=Grand Hotel (Mackinac Island)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jefferson_Barracks_Military_Post=Jefferson Barracks Military Post
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tung_Wah_Coffin_Home=Tung Wah Coffin Home
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_E._Worthen_Arena=John E. Worthen Arena
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swan_Lake_(Tulsa)=Swan Lake (Tulsa)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Rose_Priory=St. Rose Priory
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GMA_Network_Center=GMA Network Center
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Utah_State_Capitol=Utah State Capitol
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kilgore_Fort_House=Kilgore Fort House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reeves-Reed_Arboretum=Reeves-Reed Arboretum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mountainlair=Mountainlair
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ford_Motor_Company_Assembly_Plant=Ford Motor Company Assembly Plant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fort_Raleigh_National_Historic_Site=Fort Raleigh National Historic Site
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zagreb_TV_Tower=Zagreb TV Tower
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colorado_Springs_and_Cripple_Creek_District_Railway=Colorado Springs and Cripple Creek District Railway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/College_of_Montana=College of Montana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abou_Ben_Adhem_Shrine_Mosque=Abou Ben Adhem Shrine Mosque
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gage_Group_Buildings=Gage Group Buildings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cannelton_Cotton_Mill=Cannelton Cotton Mill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Western_Heritage_Center=Western Heritage Center
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buccleuch_Mansion=Buccleuch Mansion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gunston_Hall=Gunston Hall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Big_Pineapple=Big Pineapple
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Poquessing_Creek=Poquessing Creek
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grange_Estate=Grange Estate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_Kansas_City_Place=One Kansas City Place
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hippodrome_State_Theatre=Hippodrome State Theatre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Town_Pavilion=Town Pavilion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Redridge_Steel_Dam=Redridge Steel Dam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Union_Station_(Phoenix,_Arizona)=Union Station (Phoenix, Arizona)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raccoon_Creek_State_Park=Raccoon Creek State Park
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fruitlands_(transcendental_center)=Fruitlands (transcendental center)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carter's_Grove=Carter's Grove
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Calumet_Theatre=The Calumet Theatre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_A._Lindbergh_State_Park=Charles A. Lindbergh State Park
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Town_Hall_(New_York_City)=The Town Hall (New York City)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_A._Garfield_National_Historic_Site=James A. Garfield National Historic Site
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Stanislaus_Kostka_Church_(St._Louis,_Missouri)=St. Stanislaus Kostka Church (St. Louis, Missouri)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Farmer's_Bank_of_Owatonna=National Farmer's Bank of Owatonna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abraj_Al_Bait=Abraj Al Bait
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Macy-Colby_House=Macy-Colby House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cathedral_Basilica_of_Saints_Peter_and_Paul_(Philadelphia)=Cathedral Basilica of Saints Peter and Paul (Philadelphia)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anderson_House_(St._John's)=Anderson House (St. John's)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nakheel_Tower=Nakheel Tower
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_Liberty_Plaza=One Liberty Plaza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Burt_Henry_Covered_Bridge=Burt Henry Covered Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Mary's_Cathedral,_Tokyo=St. Mary's Cathedral, Tokyo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buffalo_Bill_Ranch=Buffalo Bill Ranch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dentsu_Building=Dentsu Building
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cerulean_Tower=Cerulean Tower
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Izumi_Garden_Tower=Izumi Garden Tower
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shinjuku_Park_Tower=Shinjuku Park Tower
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Franklin_Post_Office=Franklin Post Office
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anthony_J._Celebrezze_Federal_Building=Anthony J. Celebrezze Federal Building
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Renaissance_Blackstone_Hotel=Renaissance Blackstone Hotel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rogers-Post_Site=Rogers-Post Site
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amazon_Theatre=Amazon Theatre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pearl_Palace=Pearl Palace
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hong_Kong_Fringe_Club=Hong Kong Fringe Club
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Institute_of_American_Indian_Arts=Institute of American Indian Arts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elbe_Evangelical_Lutheran_Church=Elbe Evangelical Lutheran Church
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taft_Museum_of_Art=Taft Museum of Art
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Synchrotron_Light_Source=National Synchrotron Light Source
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Union_Square_(Hong_Kong)=Union Square (Hong Kong)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cape_Creek_Bridge=Cape Creek Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cassiobury_House=Cassiobury House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/White_House_Farm_(Jefferson_County,_West_Virginia)=White House Farm (Jefferson County, West Virginia)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NEC_Supertower=NEC Supertower
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St_David's_Hall=St David's Hall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pennsylvania_State_Capitol=Pennsylvania State Capitol
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Longworth_House_Office_Building=Longworth House Office Building
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Umana_Yana=Umana Yana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stephen_Foster_Memorial=Stephen Foster Memorial
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heinz_Memorial_Chapel=Heinz Memorial Chapel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hearst_Tower_(Charlotte)=Hearst Tower (Charlotte)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Presby_Memorial_Iris_Gardens=Presby Memorial Iris Gardens
http://dbpedia.org/resource/World's_tallest_thermometer=World's tallest thermometer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/383_Madison_Avenue=383 Madison Avenue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_B._Stokes_Federal_Court_House_Building=Carl B. Stokes Federal Court House Building
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lilla_Bommen=Lilla Bommen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fort_Hancock,_New_Jersey=Fort Hancock, New Jersey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cira_Centre=Cira Centre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States_Capitol_Complex=United States Capitol Complex
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Muza_Kawasaki_Symphony_Hall=Muza Kawasaki Symphony Hall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goddard_Rocket_Launching_Site=Goddard Rocket Launching Site
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bolton_Center_Historic_District=Bolton Center Historic District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blackstone_Canal=Blackstone Canal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/City_Hall_and_City_Duma=City Hall and City Duma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mercer_House_(Savannah,_Georgia)=Mercer House (Savannah, Georgia)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kingwood_Center=Kingwood Center
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indiana_State_House=Indiana State House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_Virginia_State_Capitol=West Virginia State Capitol
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Idaho_State_Capitol=Idaho State Capitol
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kansas_State_Capitol=Kansas State Capitol
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Solomon_Goffe_House=Solomon Goffe House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Millennium_Tower_(Rotterdam)=Millennium Tower (Rotterdam)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bexar_County_Courthouse=Bexar County Courthouse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robinson_House_(Claymont,_Delaware)=Robinson House (Claymont, Delaware)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jatiyo_Smriti_Soudho=Jatiyo Smriti Soudho
http://dbpedia.org/resource/U.S._Bank_Center_(Milwaukee)=U.S. Bank Center (Milwaukee)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Round_House=Round House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rainier_Tower=Rainier Tower
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Van_Horne_Mansion=Van Horne Mansion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Melbourne_Mint=Melbourne Mint
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kavanagh_building=Kavanagh building
http://dbpedia.org/resource/South_Carolina_State_House=South Carolina State House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jolly_Mill=Jolly Mill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shore_Line_Trolley_Museum=Shore Line Trolley Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/59_Rodney_Street=59 Rodney Street
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Drayton_Hall=Drayton Hall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Presidio_of_San_Diego=Presidio of San Diego
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_York_State_Capitol=New York State Capitol
http://dbpedia.org/resource/South_Dakota_State_Capitol=South Dakota State Capitol
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mississippi_State_Capitol=Mississippi State Capitol
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lebold_Mansion=Lebold Mansion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cathedral_Church_of_the_Advent_(Birmingham,_Alabama)=Cathedral Church of the Advent (Birmingham, Alabama)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Historic_Third_Ward,_Milwaukee=Historic Third Ward, Milwaukee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_Carolina_State_Capitol=North Carolina State Capitol
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Macon_City_Auditorium=Macon City Auditorium
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Royal_Dramatic_Theatre=Royal Dramatic Theatre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Eastman_House=George Eastman House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_Yarmouth_Academy=North Yarmouth Academy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hollywood_Theatre_(Portland,_Oregon)=Hollywood Theatre (Portland, Oregon)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pilgrim_Baptist_Church=Pilgrim Baptist Church
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fort_Ligonier=Fort Ligonier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crawlerway=Crawlerway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rhea-McEntire_House=Rhea-McEntire House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Horton_Grove=Horton Grove
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rhode_Island_Historical_Preservation_and_Heritage_Commission=Rhode Island Historical Preservation and Heritage Commission
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Auckland_Art_Gallery=Auckland Art Gallery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Westminster_Castle=Westminster Castle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bush-Holley_House=Bush-Holley House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marble_Palace=Marble Palace
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Porter_Hollow_Embankment_and_Culvert=Porter Hollow Embankment and Culvert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arkansas_Union=Arkansas Union
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bryn_Mawr_Film_Institute=Bryn Mawr Film Institute
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_J._Tyler_Arboretum=John J. Tyler Arboretum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bulow_Plantation_Ruins_Historic_State_Park=Bulow Plantation Ruins Historic State Park
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christ_Church_(Lancaster_County,_Virginia)=Christ Church (Lancaster County, Virginia)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Airtight_Bridge=Airtight Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Logan_Utah_Temple=Logan Utah Temple
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manti_Utah_Temple=Manti Utah Temple
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Nicholas'_Church,_Hamburg=St. Nicholas' Church, Hamburg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Peter's_Church,_Hamburg=St. Peter's Church, Hamburg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Waterview_Tower=Waterview Tower
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rowland_Theater=Rowland Theater
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St_Helen's_House=St Helen's House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_Riding_House=West Riding House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steuben_Memorial_State_Historic_Site=Steuben Memorial State Historic Site
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lou_Ruvo_Center_for_Brain_Health=Lou Ruvo Center for Brain Health
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ochre_Court=Ochre Court
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tuschinski=Tuschinski
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Svalbard_Global_Seed_Vault=Svalbard Global Seed Vault
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glen_Eyrie=Glen Eyrie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Metropolis_Building=Metropolis Building
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oscar_Anderson_House_Museum=Oscar Anderson House Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trinity_Evangelical_Lutheran_Church=Trinity Evangelical Lutheran Church
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeremiah_Curtin_House=Jeremiah Curtin House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ellicott_Square_Building=Ellicott Square Building
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prudential_(Guaranty)_Building=Prudential (Guaranty) Building
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Times_Square_Studios=Times Square Studios
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Merion_Golf_Club=Merion Golf Club
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bridgewater_Place=Bridgewater Place
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hennepin_County_Government_Center=Hennepin County Government Center
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Altino_Arantes_Building=Altino Arantes Building
http://dbpedia.org/resource/House_of_the_Temple=House of the Temple
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Riverpoint=Riverpoint
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gamble_Plantation_Historic_State_Park=Gamble Plantation Historic State Park
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oakwell_Hall=Oakwell Hall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hotel_Roanoke=Hotel Roanoke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lippo_Centre_(Hong_Kong)=Lippo Centre (Hong Kong)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wawona_Hotel=Wawona Hotel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/J._J._Walser,_Jr._Residence=J. J. Walser, Jr. Residence
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Charnley_House=James Charnley House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Etruria_Hall=Etruria Hall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hegeler_Carus_Mansion=Hegeler Carus Mansion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Congregation_Beth_Israel_(West_Hartford,_Connecticut)=Congregation Beth Israel (West Hartford, Connecticut)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Perdana_Putra=Perdana Putra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Palace_of_Justice,_Putrajaya=Palace of Justice, Putrajaya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Old_Hill_Street_Police_Station=Old Hill Street Police Station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grand_Hotel_(Kolkata)=Grand Hotel (Kolkata)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/College_of_Medicine_Building,_Singapore=College of Medicine Building, Singapore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lipstick_Building=Lipstick Building
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Windsor_Station_(Montreal)=Windsor Station (Montreal)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chicago_Temple_Building=Chicago Temple Building
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dagens_Nyheter_Tower=Dagens Nyheter Tower
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Millennium_Tower_(Vienna)=Millennium Tower (Vienna)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trefethen_Vineyards=Trefethen Vineyards
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ebenezer_Missionary_Baptist_Church=Ebenezer Missionary Baptist Church
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cibona_Tower=Cibona Tower
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beetham_Tower,_Manchester=Beetham Tower, Manchester
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beetham_Tower,_Liverpool=Beetham Tower, Liverpool
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Evergreen_Cemetery_(Fayetteville,_Arkansas)=Evergreen Cemetery (Fayetteville, Arkansas)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cherrydale_Volunteer_Fire_House=Cherrydale Volunteer Fire House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Central_Mint=Central Mint
http://dbpedia.org/resource/O._T._Bassett_Tower=O. T. Bassett Tower
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Plaza_Hotel_(El_Paso,_Texas)=Plaza Hotel (El Paso, Texas)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caddo_Lake_Drawbridge=Caddo Lake Drawbridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coraopolis_Bridge=Coraopolis Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phiroze_Jeejeebhoy_Towers=Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Tower_(Dubai)=The Tower (Dubai)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rose_Tower=Rose Tower
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Five_Flags_Center=Five Flags Center
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fox_Oakland_Theatre=Fox Oakland Theatre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Westpoint_Tower=Westpoint Tower
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fort_Pocahontas=Fort Pocahontas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ford_Hall_(Kansas_State_University)=Ford Hall (Kansas State University)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/International_Mother's_Day_Shrine=International Mother's Day Shrine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St_Fergus_Gas_Plant=St Fergus Gas Plant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rookery_Building=Rookery Building
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_Metropolitan_Square=One Metropolitan Square
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SunWatch_Indian_Village=SunWatch Indian Village
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Franklinton_High_School_(Louisiana)=Franklinton High School (Louisiana)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Erasmus_Darwin_House=Erasmus Darwin House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patterson_Homestead=Patterson Homestead
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tower_49=Tower 49
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Landis_Valley_Museum=Landis Valley Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_Dakota_Mill_and_Elevator=North Dakota Mill and Elevator
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lee_Chapel=Lee Chapel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Franklin_Park_Conservatory=Franklin Park Conservatory
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bigelow-Ben_Lomond_Hotel=Bigelow-Ben Lomond Hotel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tong_Ren_Tower=Tong Ren Tower
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Government_House,_Wellington=Government House, Wellington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nippon_Kan_Theatre=Nippon Kan Theatre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Entertainment_Building=Entertainment Building
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pueblo_of_Isleta=Pueblo of Isleta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spanish_Fort,_New_Orleans=Spanish Fort, New Orleans
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Dream_Meadowlands=American Dream Meadowlands
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Riber_Castle=Riber Castle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Place_Viger=Place Viger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nott_Memorial=Nott Memorial
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Washington_Oaks_Gardens_State_Park=Washington Oaks Gardens State Park
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Verkhovna_Rada_building=Verkhovna Rada building
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Palazzo_Schifanoia=Palazzo Schifanoia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marjorie_Kinnan_Rawlings_Historic_State_Park=Marjorie Kinnan Rawlings Historic State Park
http://dbpedia.org/resource/V_Building=V Building
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jetavanaramaya=Jetavanaramaya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gadsby's_Tavern=Gadsby's Tavern
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Istana_Melawati=Istana Melawati
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Putrajaya_International_Convention_Centre=Putrajaya International Convention Centre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Queens_County_Farm_Museum=Queens County Farm Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ansley_Park=Ansley Park
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paynes_Creek_Historic_State_Park=Paynes Creek Historic State Park
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Assumption_Place=Assumption Place
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lincoln_Normal_School=Lincoln Normal School
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Old_Vicksburg_Bridge=Old Vicksburg Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Memphis_&_Arkansas_Bridge=Memphis & Arkansas Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hope_and_Anchor,_Islington=The Hope and Anchor, Islington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christ_Church_Cathedral_(Eau_Claire,_Wisconsin)=Christ Church Cathedral (Eau Claire, Wisconsin)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bankers_Hall=Bankers Hall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MacDonald_House=MacDonald House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bulloch_Hall=Bulloch Hall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bascom_Hill=Bascom Hill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nova_Taipa_Gardens=Nova Taipa Gardens
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Calumet_Park=Calumet Park
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Brighton_Tower=New Brighton Tower
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Bernard_de_Clairvaux_Church=St. Bernard de Clairvaux Church
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chojnik_Castle=Chojnik Castle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_Side_Market=West Side Market
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Casements=The Casements
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Knights_Ferry,_California=Knights Ferry, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Renaissance_Providence_Hotel=Renaissance Providence Hotel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andriyivskyy_Descent=Andriyivskyy Descent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kota_Darul_Ehsan=Kota Darul Ehsan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jakarta_Tower=Jakarta Tower
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georgia_Power_Company_Corporate_Headquarters=Georgia Power Company Corporate Headquarters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Royal_Palace,_Luang_Prabang=Royal Palace, Luang Prabang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Music_Hall_(Cincinnati)=Music Hall (Cincinnati)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ancient_High_House=Ancient High House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rio_Grande_Gorge_Bridge=Rio Grande Gorge Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Centre_for_the_Performing_Arts_(India)=National Centre for the Performing Arts (India)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fort_Massac=Fort Massac
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chowmahalla_Palace=Chowmahalla Palace
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scoville_Library=Scoville Library
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Murrell_Home=Murrell Home
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Standard_Adding_Machine_Company=Standard Adding Machine Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hausgen_House=Hausgen House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/102_Incheon_Tower=102 Incheon Tower
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fort_Gibson=Fort Gibson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samsung_Tower_Palace=Samsung Tower Palace
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fort_Supply=Fort Supply
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mechanicsville,_Knoxville=Mechanicsville, Knoxville
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maggie_L._Walker_National_Historic_Site=Maggie L. Walker National Historic Site
http://dbpedia.org/resource/East_High_School_(Denver)=East High School (Denver)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Central_Railroad_of_New_Jersey_Terminal=Central Railroad of New Jersey Terminal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/House_with_Chimaeras=House with Chimaeras
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Plant_City_High_School=Plant City High School
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lotta's_Fountain=Lotta's Fountain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cyrus_Gates_Farmstead=Cyrus Gates Farmstead
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Old_Dutch_Parsonage=Old Dutch Parsonage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wallace_House_(Somerville,_New_Jersey)=Wallace House (Somerville, New Jersey)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Salford_Lads'_Club=Salford Lads' Club
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Farmington_(Louisville,_Kentucky)=Farmington (Louisville, Kentucky)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johnston-Felton-Hay_House=Johnston-Felton-Hay House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harumi_Island_Triton_Square=Harumi Island Triton Square
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spring_Grove_Cemetery=Spring Grove Cemetery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fort_Osage=Fort Osage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shawnee_Methodist_Mission=Shawnee Methodist Mission
http://dbpedia.org/resource/16th_Street_Baptist_Church=16th Street Baptist Church
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sail_@_Marina_Bay=The Sail @ Marina Bay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manulife_Place=Manulife Place
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fort_Douglas=Fort Douglas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Las_Trampas,_New_Mexico=Las Trampas, New Mexico
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Palace_of_the_Governors=Palace of the Governors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Malcolm_Willey_House=Malcolm Willey House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Battle_Creek_Sanitarium=Battle Creek Sanitarium
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rhodes_State_Office_Tower=Rhodes State Office Tower
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louisville_Museum_Plaza=Louisville Museum Plaza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Smithville_Seminary=Smithville Seminary
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coindre_Hall=Coindre Hall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Driskill_Hotel=Driskill Hotel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Palacio_Salvo=Palacio Salvo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/D._H._Lawrence_Ranch=D. H. Lawrence Ranch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cheekwood_Botanical_Garden_and_Museum_of_Art=Cheekwood Botanical Garden and Museum of Art
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sutton_House,_London=Sutton House, London
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vision_Brisbane=Vision Brisbane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_Astor_Plaza=One Astor Plaza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shimizu_Mega-City_Pyramid=Shimizu Mega-City Pyramid
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trevino-Uribe_Rancho=Trevino-Uribe Rancho
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Claremont_Riding_Academy=Claremont Riding Academy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Government_House_(Saskatchewan)=Government House (Saskatchewan)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Slater_Mill_Historic_Site=Slater Mill Historic Site
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colorado_Chautauqua=Colorado Chautauqua
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cambridge_Common=Cambridge Common
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kaiser_Convention_Center=Kaiser Convention Center
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Waveland_State_Historic_Site=Waveland State Historic Site
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ansonia=The Ansonia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Westward_Ho_(Phoenix)=Westward Ho (Phoenix)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/El_Santuario_de_Chimayo=El Santuario de Chimayo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fort_Macomb=Fort Macomb
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buffavento_Castle=Buffavento Castle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phaeno_Science_Center=Phaeno Science Center
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friends_Hospital=Friends Hospital
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Villa_Medici=Villa Medici
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nehemiah_Royce_House=Nehemiah Royce House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Asa_Gray_House=Asa Gray House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Plaza_Ferdinand_VII=Plaza Ferdinand VII
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Heritage_at_Millennium_Park=The Heritage at Millennium Park
http://dbpedia.org/resource/927_Fifth_Avenue=927 Fifth Avenue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/340_on_the_Park=340 on the Park
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Writers'_Building=Writers' Building
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Old_State_Capitol_State_Historic_Site_(Illinois)=Old State Capitol State Historic Site (Illinois)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flying_Horses_Carousel=Flying Horses Carousel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canton_Tower=Canton Tower
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Morven_(Princeton,_New_Jersey)=Morven (Princeton, New Jersey)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arthur_Foss=Arthur Foss
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stabroek_Market=Stabroek Market
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pasonanca_Park=Pasonanca Park
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Curzon_Hall=Curzon Hall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paddock_Arcade=Paddock Arcade
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Palais_Wilczek=Palais Wilczek
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Belle_Meade_Plantation=Belle Meade Plantation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hilton_Moscow_Leningradskaya_Hotel=Hilton Moscow Leningradskaya Hotel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oderturm=Oderturm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kaufman_Astoria_Studios=Kaufman Astoria Studios
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Umerkot=Umerkot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cyrus_McCormick_Farm=Cyrus McCormick Farm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atlantic_Center_Plaza=Atlantic Center Plaza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Government_House,_Bermuda=Government House, Bermuda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stopford_Building=Stopford Building
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cathedral_of_Our_Merciful_Saviour=Cathedral of Our Merciful Saviour
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Menara_Alor_Setar=Menara Alor Setar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nickel_Plate_765=Nickel Plate 765
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Old_Globe_Theatre=Old Globe Theatre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eastcliff_(mansion)=Eastcliff (mansion)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Washington_Coliseum=Washington Coliseum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Church_of_the_Redeemer,_Sacrow=Church of the Redeemer, Sacrow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sule_Pagoda=Sule Pagoda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michie_Tavern=Michie Tavern
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hennepin_Center_for_the_Arts=Hennepin Center for the Arts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mahned_Bridge=Mahned Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Piatt's_Landing,_Kentucky=Piatt's Landing, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grand_Opera_House_(Dubuque,_Iowa)=Grand Opera House (Dubuque, Iowa)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Senedd=Senedd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Humpback_Covered_Bridge=Humpback Covered Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raj_Bhavan_(West_Bengal)=Raj Bhavan (West Bengal)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Windsor_Hotel_(Montreal)=Windsor Hotel (Montreal)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mohatta_Palace=Mohatta Palace
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Government_House,_Saint_Christopher_and_Nevis=Government House, Saint Christopher and Nevis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1_William_Street=1 William Street
http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States_Post_Office_(Cooper_Station)=United States Post Office (Cooper Station)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Curtis_Hall_Arboretum=Curtis Hall Arboretum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Willard_House_and_Clock_Museum=Willard House and Clock Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/State_House_(Kenya)=State House (Kenya)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clinton_House_(Ithaca,_New_York)=Clinton House (Ithaca, New York)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dockery_Plantation=Dockery Plantation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carter_G._Woodson_Home_National_Historic_Site=Carter G. Woodson Home National Historic Site
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walton_Arts_Center=Walton Arts Center
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Folsom_Powerhouse_State_Historic_Park=Folsom Powerhouse State Historic Park
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fort_Leavenworth_National_Cemetery=Fort Leavenworth National Cemetery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexandria_National_Cemetery_(Alexandria,_Louisiana)=Alexandria National Cemetery (Alexandria, Louisiana)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Westpac_House=Westpac House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Allegheny_County_Courthouse=Allegheny County Courthouse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Valhalla_Cinema,_Melbourne=Valhalla Cinema, Melbourne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brightwood_Beach_Cottage=Brightwood Beach Cottage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_New_York_Times_Building=The New York Times Building
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Public_Square=Public Square
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Town_Center_at_Boca_Raton=Town Center at Boca Raton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Asheville_High_School=Asheville High School
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rosson_House=Rosson House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Voplex_building=Voplex building
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Overbrook_Farms,_Philadelphia=Overbrook Farms, Philadelphia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cornelius_Low_House=Cornelius Low House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Guest_House=Henry Guest House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Camelback_Bridge=Camelback Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christ_Evangelical_Lutheran_Church=Christ Evangelical Lutheran Church
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manhattan_Municipal_Building=Manhattan Municipal Building
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Round_House_(Somerville,_Massachusetts)=Round House (Somerville, Massachusetts)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Montclair_Art_Museum=Montclair Art Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fort_Ethan_Allen_(Arlington,_Virginia)=Fort Ethan Allen (Arlington, Virginia)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dunbar_Apartments=Dunbar Apartments
http://dbpedia.org/resource/17_State_Street=17 State Street
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Million_Dollar_Theater=Million Dollar Theater
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CNA_Center=CNA Center
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Warwick_New_York_Hotel=Warwick New York Hotel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Branch_House=Branch House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Mary's_Episcopal_Church,_Burlington,_New_Jersey=St. Mary's Episcopal Church, Burlington, New Jersey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parliament_House,_Helsinki=Parliament House, Helsinki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elsing_Green=Elsing Green
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Free_Frank_McWorter_Grave_Site=Free Frank McWorter Grave Site
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pickens_County_Courthouse_(Alabama)=Pickens County Courthouse (Alabama)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ronald_Reagan_Boyhood_Home=Ronald Reagan Boyhood Home
http://dbpedia.org/resource/First_Baptist_Church_(Richmond,_Virginia)=First Baptist Church (Richmond, Virginia)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Australia_Square=Australia Square
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Great_Northern_Warehouse=Great Northern Warehouse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/President_William_Jefferson_Clinton_Birthplace_Home_National_Historic_Site=President William Jefferson Clinton Birthplace Home National Historic Site
http://dbpedia.org/resource/JW_Marriott_Marquis_Dubai=JW Marriott Marquis Dubai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Almas_Tower=Almas Tower
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Living_Shangri-La=Living Shangri-La
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Warnors_Theatre=Warnors Theatre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hoftoren=Hoftoren
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fort_Pike=Fort Pike
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lane's_Mill_Historic_Buildings=Lane's Mill Historic Buildings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Memorial_Hall_(Rockford,_Illinois)=Memorial Hall (Rockford, Illinois)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_Hawk_Statue=Black Hawk Statue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Westminster_Presbyterian_Church_(Minneapolis)=Westminster Presbyterian Church (Minneapolis)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Warner_Theatre_(Torrington,_Connecticut)=Warner Theatre (Torrington, Connecticut)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wall_House_(Elkins_Park,_Pennsylvania)=Wall House (Elkins Park, Pennsylvania)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blandwood_Mansion_and_Gardens=Blandwood Mansion and Gardens
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ritz-Carlton_Millenia_Singapore=The Ritz-Carlton Millenia Singapore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hamilton_Grange_National_Memorial=Hamilton Grange National Memorial
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_Hamilton_House=Alexander Hamilton House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Van_Wickle_House=Van Wickle House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_de_Sales_Academy_(Catonsville,_Maryland)=Mount de Sales Academy (Catonsville, Maryland)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Old_School_Square=Old School Square
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PNC_Tower=PNC Tower
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Neutrality_Monument=Neutrality Monument
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fort_Lawton=Fort Lawton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samuel_J._Friedman_Theatre=Samuel J. Friedman Theatre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aiken_Tennis_Club=Aiken Tennis Club
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brangwyn_Hall=Brangwyn Hall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Soudan_Underground_Mine_State_Park=Soudan Underground Mine State Park
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Washoe_Theater=Washoe Theater
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Garden_City_(Booragoon)=Garden City (Booragoon)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mariinsky_Palace=Mariinsky Palace
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_A._Strout_House=George A. Strout House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goodyear_Airdock=Goodyear Airdock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mikveh_Israel_Cemetery=Mikveh Israel Cemetery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeremiah_Lee_Mansion=Jeremiah Lee Mansion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abbot_Hall_(Marblehead,_Massachusetts)=Abbot Hall (Marblehead, Massachusetts)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Auberge_d'Aragon=Auberge d'Aragon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Latvian_National_Theatre=Latvian National Theatre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tower_of_Jewels=Tower of Jewels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heritage_Plaza=Heritage Plaza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/FirstMerit_Tower=FirstMerit Tower
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bushy_House=Bushy House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grand_Opera_House_(Macon,_Georgia)=Grand Opera House (Macon, Georgia)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Island_Shangri-La,_Hong_Kong=Island Shangri-La, Hong Kong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mercado_Adolpho_Lisboa=Mercado Adolpho Lisboa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coney_Island_Hot_Dog_Stand=Coney Island Hot Dog Stand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CenturyLink_Building=CenturyLink Building
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sky_Meadows_State_Park=Sky Meadows State Park
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gamlehaugen=Gamlehaugen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ledaal=Ledaal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cotting-Smith_Assembly_House=Cotting-Smith Assembly House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peirce-Nichols_House=Peirce-Nichols House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mabee_House=Mabee House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lincoln-Herndon_Law_Offices_State_Historic_Site=Lincoln-Herndon Law Offices State Historic Site
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Cabildo=The Cabildo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colony_Club=Colony Club
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nottingham_Council_House=Nottingham Council House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Burj_Al_Alam=Burj Al Alam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trammell_Crow_Center=Trammell Crow Center
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Perth_Concert_Hall_(Western_Australia)=Perth Concert Hall (Western Australia)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alton_National_Cemetery=Alton National Cemetery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Huey_Farm=Thomas Huey Farm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Culpeper_National_Cemetery=Culpeper National Cemetery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chateau_Theatre=Chateau Theatre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laguna_Pueblo=Laguna Pueblo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Soul_(building)=Soul (building)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Circle_on_Cavill=Circle on Cavill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Topaz_War_Relocation_Center=Topaz War Relocation Center
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guy_Park=Guy Park
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Old_Patent_Office_Building=Old Patent Office Building
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martinez_Hacienda=Martinez Hacienda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madinat_al-Hareer=Madinat al-Hareer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boone_Hall=Boone Hall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Artscape_Theatre_Centre=Artscape Theatre Centre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tour_Total=Tour Total
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tour_Areva=Tour Areva
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nina_Tower=Nina Tower
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ateshgah_of_Baku=Ateshgah of Baku
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AN/FPS-35=AN/FPS-35
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sequoyah_Hills,_Tennessee=Sequoyah Hills, Tennessee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fort_Edward-Glens_Falls_(Amtrak_station)=Fort Edward-Glens Falls (Amtrak station)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wedderburn_Castle=Wedderburn Castle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/611_Place=611 Place
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tour_Gan=Tour Gan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mullan_Road=Mullan Road
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Faust_Landmark=Faust Landmark
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tour_EDF=Tour EDF
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Horizon_Blue_Cross_Blue_Shield_of_New_Jersey=Horizon Blue Cross Blue Shield of New Jersey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cathedral_of_San_Carlos_Borromeo=Cathedral of San Carlos Borromeo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samanid_Mausoleum=Samanid Mausoleum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wyndham_New_Yorker_Hotel=Wyndham New Yorker Hotel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Longue_Vue_Island=Longue Vue Island
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_Prudential_Plaza=One Prudential Plaza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Birmingham_Civil_Rights_District=Birmingham Civil Rights District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bowery_Savings_Bank=Bowery Savings Bank
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brown_Covered_Bridge=Brown Covered Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RBC_Centre=RBC Centre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hyatt_Regency_Paris_Etoile=Hyatt Regency Paris Etoile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bartonsville_Covered_Bridge=Bartonsville Covered Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Worrall_Covered_Bridge=Worrall Covered Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tour_First=Tour First
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tour_Adria=Tour Adria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bessemer_Hall_of_History=Bessemer Hall of History
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tour_Ariane=Tour Ariane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tour_Les_Poissons=Tour Les Poissons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University,_Hayes_and_Orton_Halls=University, Hayes and Orton Halls
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tour_Pleyel=Tour Pleyel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Werowocomoco=Werowocomoco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tour_CBX=Tour CBX
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colorado_Springs_Fine_Arts_Center=Colorado Springs Fine Arts Center
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jackson_Homestead=Jackson Homestead
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Echo_Bridge=Echo Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Church_of_the_Ascension,_Episcopal_(Manhattan)=Church of the Ascension, Episcopal (Manhattan)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tour_T1=Tour T1
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gesu_Church_(Milwaukee,_Wisconsin)=Gesu Church (Milwaukee, Wisconsin)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Malaysian_Houses_of_Parliament=Malaysian Houses of Parliament
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Absolute_World=Absolute World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Northwest_Territories_Legislative_Building=Northwest Territories Legislative Building
http://dbpedia.org/resource/House_for_an_Art_Lover=House for an Art Lover
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cathedral_of_the_Immaculate_Conception_(Camden,_New_Jersey)=Cathedral of the Immaculate Conception (Camden, New Jersey)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crispus_Attucks_High_School=Crispus Attucks High School
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wabasha_Street_Bridge=Wabasha Street Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Illinois_Executive_Mansion=Illinois Executive Mansion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tour_Granite=Tour Granite
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tour_Descartes=Tour Descartes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tour_France=Tour France
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Les_Mercuriales=Les Mercuriales
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tour_Franklin=Tour Franklin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tour_Sequoia=Tour Sequoia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sorrel_Weed_House=Sorrel Weed House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tome_School=Tome School
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Concordville,_Pennsylvania=Concordville, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pullman_Paris_Montparnasse_Hotel=Pullman Paris Montparnasse Hotel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tour_Super-Italie=Tour Super-Italie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Waterfront_Place,_Brisbane=Waterfront Place, Brisbane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michigan_Theatre_(Jackson,_Michigan)=Michigan Theatre (Jackson, Michigan)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tours_de_Levallois=Tours de Levallois
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phoenicia_Railroad_Station=Phoenicia Railroad Station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alpine_County_Courthouse=Alpine County Courthouse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brizlee_Tower=Brizlee Tower
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pardee_Home=Pardee Home
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albemarle_and_Chesapeake_Canal=Albemarle and Chesapeake Canal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brooklyn_Trust_Company=Brooklyn Trust Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Neely_Mansion=Neely Mansion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pusat_Sains_Negara=Pusat Sains Negara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Qasr_Kharana=Qasr Kharana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stambaugh_Auditorium=Stambaugh Auditorium
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cimarron_Hotel=Cimarron Hotel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beaufort_National_Cemetery=Beaufort National Cemetery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beverly_National_Cemetery=Beverly National Cemetery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_Financial_Plaza=One Financial Plaza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silver_Pagoda,_Phnom_Penh=Silver Pagoda, Phnom Penh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kuala_Lumpur_Convention_Centre=Kuala Lumpur Convention Centre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Agnews_Developmental_Center=Agnews Developmental Center
http://dbpedia.org/resource/LC,_Swansea=LC, Swansea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marina_Towers_Observatory=Marina Towers Observatory
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sultan_Salahuddin_Abdul_Aziz_Shah_Building=Sultan Salahuddin Abdul Aziz Shah Building
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wisma_Bapa_Malaysia=Wisma Bapa Malaysia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hunter_Museum_of_American_Art=Hunter Museum of American Art
http://dbpedia.org/resource/City_Point_National_Cemetery=City Point National Cemetery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ashford_Designer_Outlet=Ashford Designer Outlet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bloomington_Viaduct=Bloomington Viaduct
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Puerto_Rico_National_Cemetery=Puerto Rico National Cemetery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monumental_Church=Monumental Church
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Humboldt_Street_Historic_District=Humboldt Street Historic District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ontario_Tower=Ontario Tower
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barnes_Hospital,_Cheadle=Barnes Hospital, Cheadle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Woodlands_(Philadelphia)=The Woodlands (Philadelphia)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swan_Point_Cemetery=Swan Point Cemetery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Weston_Manor=Weston Manor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grace_Church_(Manhattan)=Grace Church (Manhattan)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elisabet_Ney_Museum=Elisabet Ney Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Academy_of_Fine_Arts,_Kolkata=Academy of Fine Arts, Kolkata
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kuala_Lumpur_City_Centre=Kuala Lumpur City Centre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_Overton,_Pennsylvania=West Overton, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/JPMorgan_Chase_Building_(Houston)=JPMorgan Chase Building (Houston)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Habib_Bank_Plaza=Habib Bank Plaza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MCB_Tower=MCB Tower
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Green_Lawn_Abbey=Green Lawn Abbey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Knowlton_Mansion=Knowlton Mansion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crown_Hill_National_Cemetery=Crown Hill National Cemetery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Villa_Barbaro=Villa Barbaro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Minsheng_Bank_Building=Minsheng Bank Building
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dapeng_International_Plaza=Dapeng International Plaza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bocom_Financial_Towers=Bocom Financial Towers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_Shell_Square=One Shell Square
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sultan_Ibrahim_Building=Sultan Ibrahim Building
http://dbpedia.org/resource/101_Collins_Street=101 Collins Street
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Post_&_Telecommunication_Hub=Post & Telecommunication Hub
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rinku_Gate_Tower_Building=Rinku Gate Tower Building
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fauconberg_Arms_Inn=Fauconberg Arms Inn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dinder_House=Dinder House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Highcliff=Highcliff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Place_St._Charles=Place St. Charles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Annunciation_Greek_Orthodox_Church=Annunciation Greek Orthodox Church
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wisma_46=Wisma 46
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alabama_State_House=Alabama State House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Big_Bottom_massacre=Big Bottom massacre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Weaver_Mercantile_Building=Weaver Mercantile Building
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Finn's_Point_National_Cemetery=Finn's Point National Cemetery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cathedral_of_St._John_the_Evangelist_(Milwaukee)=Cathedral of St. John the Evangelist (Milwaukee)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liberty_Hall_(Crawfordville,_Georgia)=Liberty Hall (Crawfordville, Georgia)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philippine_International_Convention_Center=Philippine International Convention Center
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fort_Churchill_State_Historic_Park=Fort Churchill State Historic Park
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brisbane_Square=Brisbane Square
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bank_of_America_Tower_(Jacksonville)=Bank of America Tower (Jacksonville)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Russell_Institute=Russell Institute
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Duncombe_Park=Duncombe Park
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Birkdale_Palace_Hotel=Birkdale Palace Hotel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Place_Bonaventure=Place Bonaventure
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fort_Boise=Fort Boise
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boston_Manufacturing_Company=Boston Manufacturing Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goodsell_Observatory=Goodsell Observatory
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fox_Chase_Farm=Fox Chase Farm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hinchliffe_Stadium=Hinchliffe Stadium
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lalgarh_Palace=Lalgarh Palace
http://dbpedia.org/resource/History_of_Idaho=History of Idaho
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kelly's_Westport_Inn=Kelly's Westport Inn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hotel_Arts=Hotel Arts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shawneetown_Bank_State_Historic_Site=Shawneetown Bank State Historic Site
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chase_Tower_(Oklahoma_City)=Chase Tower (Oklahoma City)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mesiniaga_Tower=Mesiniaga Tower
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bartram's_Garden=Bartram's Garden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eltz_Manor=Eltz Manor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fayetteville_National_Cemetery=Fayetteville National Cemetery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fort_Harrison_National_Cemetery=Fort Harrison National Cemetery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Camp_Chase=Camp Chase
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chericoke=Chericoke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Moses_Browning_House=John Moses Browning House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Calvary_Presbyterian_Church_(Milwaukee)=Calvary Presbyterian Church (Milwaukee)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Athenaeum_(Tennessee)=Athenaeum (Tennessee)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hotel_Florence=Hotel Florence
http://dbpedia.org/resource/General_Post_Office,_Kolkata=General Post Office, Kolkata
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Woodlawn_(plantation)=Woodlawn (plantation)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spreckels_Organ_Pavilion=Spreckels Organ Pavilion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Old_Fort_Pierce_Park=Old Fort Pierce Park
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Otago_Registry_Building=University of Otago Registry Building
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Palmolive_Building=Palmolive Building
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fort_George_Wright=Fort George Wright
http://dbpedia.org/resource/101_California_Street=101 California Street
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vision_Tower=Vision Tower
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Packard_Proving_Grounds=Packard Proving Grounds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beloselsky-Belozersky_Palace=Beloselsky-Belozersky Palace
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Magdalene_Tower,_Drogheda=Magdalene Tower, Drogheda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peachtree_Station=Peachtree Station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lamb_&_Flag_(Oxford)=Lamb & Flag (Oxford)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mid-Continent_Tower=Mid-Continent Tower
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abraham_Lincoln_Memorial_Garden=Abraham Lincoln Memorial Garden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spindletop_Hall=Spindletop Hall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jackson_Square_(New_Orleans)=Jackson Square (New Orleans)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philtower_Building=Philtower Building
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Willow_Tearooms=Willow Tearooms
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lake_McDonald_Lodge=Lake McDonald Lodge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dallas_City_Hall=Dallas City Hall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lexington_National_Cemetery=Lexington National Cemetery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Granite_Park_Chalet=Granite Park Chalet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lake_McDonald_Lodge_Historic_District=Lake McDonald Lodge Historic District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Berhampore_State_Flats=Berhampore State Flats
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swedish_Theatre=Swedish Theatre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pawtuxet_Village=Pawtuxet Village
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bellevue_(LaGrange,_Georgia)=Bellevue (LaGrange, Georgia)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hot_Springs_High_School_(Arkansas)=Hot Springs High School (Arkansas)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rachel_Carson_Homestead=Rachel Carson Homestead
http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_Point_Foundry=West Point Foundry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seattle_Ice_Arena=Seattle Ice Arena
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christchurch_Convention_Centre=Christchurch Convention Centre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christchurch_Town_Hall=Christchurch Town Hall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Southport_Central=Southport Central
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glendale_National_Cemetery=Glendale National Cemetery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AZCA=AZCA
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Golda_Meir_School=Golda Meir School
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Plaza_Rakyat=Plaza Rakyat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pennsbury_Manor=Pennsbury Manor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Catalina_Casino=Catalina Casino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christmas_Tree_Lane=Christmas Tree Lane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fort_Scott_National_Cemetery=Fort Scott National Cemetery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fort_Klamath=Fort Klamath
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michigan_Soldiers'_and_Sailors'_Monument=Michigan Soldiers' and Sailors' Monument
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jefferson_City_National_Cemetery=Jefferson City National Cemetery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marietta_National_Cemetery=Marietta National Cemetery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Little_Rock_National_Cemetery=Little Rock National Cemetery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quincy_National_Cemetery=Quincy National Cemetery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Forest_Home_Cemetery=Forest Home Cemetery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mound_City_National_Cemetery=Mound City National Cemetery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Albany_National_Cemetery=New Albany National Cemetery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cabanne's_Trading_Post=Cabanne's Trading Post
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Danville_National_Cemetery_(Virginia)=Danville National Cemetery (Virginia)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Danville_National_Cemetery_(Kentucky)=Danville National Cemetery (Kentucky)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sheboygan_Municipal_Auditorium_and_Armory=Sheboygan Municipal Auditorium and Armory
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Follen_Church_Society-Unitarian_Universalist=Follen Church Society-Unitarian Universalist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sperry_Chalet=Sperry Chalet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/20_Exchange_Place=20 Exchange Place
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blewcoat_School=Blewcoat School
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trump_International_Hotel_and_Tower_(New_Orleans)=Trump International Hotel and Tower (New Orleans)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CCTV_Headquarters=CCTV Headquarters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Centre_for_the_Performing_Arts_(China)=National Centre for the Performing Arts (China)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Piccadilly_Tower=Piccadilly Tower
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seaton_Hall=Seaton Hall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orion_Building=Orion Building
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stanecastle=Stanecastle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Highbury,_Birmingham=Highbury, Birmingham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Conoco-Phillips_Building=Conoco-Phillips Building
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georgetown_Hospital=Georgetown Hospital
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Union_Stock_Yard_Gate=Union Stock Yard Gate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heyworth_Building=Heyworth Building
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orchard_House=Orchard House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Catshuis=Catshuis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carcosa_Seri_Negara=Carcosa Seri Negara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Westinghouse_Bridge=George Westinghouse Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hope_Lodge_(Whitemarsh_Township,_Pennsylvania)=Hope Lodge (Whitemarsh Township, Pennsylvania)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Al_Hamra_Tower=Al Hamra Tower
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abington_Congregational_Church=Abington Congregational Church
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hillside_Elementary_School=Hillside Elementary School
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Signature_Tower=Signature Tower
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bryan_Whitfield_Herring_Farm=Bryan Whitfield Herring Farm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christopher_Center=Christopher Center
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fort_Massachusetts_(Mississippi)=Fort Massachusetts (Mississippi)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_World_Trade_Center=One World Trade Center
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zion_Gate=Zion Gate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Holy_Trinity_Orthodox_Cathedral_(Chicago)=Holy Trinity Orthodox Cathedral (Chicago)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seaview_Terrace=Seaview Terrace
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Redmont_Hotel=Redmont Hotel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Union_Square,_Baltimore=Union Square, Baltimore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fort_Simcoe=Fort Simcoe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/InterContinental_Warsaw=InterContinental Warsaw
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rhodes_Hall=Rhodes Hall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bomberger's_Distillery=Bomberger's Distillery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parachute_Jump=Parachute Jump
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Continental_Baths=Continental Baths
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hunter_House_(Newport,_Rhode_Island)=Hunter House (Newport, Rhode Island)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liberty_Place=Liberty Place
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Naper_Settlement=Naper Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rodef_Shalom_Temple=Rodef Shalom Temple
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nitre_Hall=Nitre Hall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cebu_International_Convention_Center=Cebu International Convention Center
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chrysler_Museum_of_Art=Chrysler Museum of Art
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fruitlands_Museum=Fruitlands Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Anne's_Episcopal_Church_(Middletown,_Delaware)=St. Anne's Episcopal Church (Middletown, Delaware)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._James_Episcopal_Church,_Mill_Creek_(Stanton,_Delaware)=St. James Episcopal Church, Mill Creek (Stanton, Delaware)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Regions_Center_(Birmingham)=Regions Center (Birmingham)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trump_Tower_(Philadelphia)=Trump Tower (Philadelphia)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Astor_on_the_Lake=Astor on the Lake
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Energy_Centre=Energy Centre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Soulton_Hall=Soulton Hall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Richmond_Swing_Bridge=New Richmond Swing Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Berg_Castle=Berg Castle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierce_County_Jail=Pierce County Jail
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Palos_Verdes_Library_District=Palos Verdes Library District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Marina_Torch=The Marina Torch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Holy_Trinity_Church_(Old_Swedes)=Holy Trinity Church (Old Swedes)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kowloon_Shangri-La=Kowloon Shangri-La
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wenner-Gren_Center=Wenner-Gren Center
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iveagh_House=Iveagh House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deerfield_Residence=Deerfield Residence
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spanish_Town,_Baton_Rouge,_Louisiana=Spanish Town, Baton Rouge, Louisiana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dresden_Castle=Dresden Castle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daniel_Boone_Hotel_(Boone,_North_Carolina)=Daniel Boone Hotel (Boone, North Carolina)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilton_House_Museum=Wilton House Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Central_Market_(Lancaster)=Central Market (Lancaster)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lumiere_(skyscraper)=Lumiere (skyscraper)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arraya_Tower=Arraya Tower
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eagle_Island_(Casco_Bay,_Maine)=Eagle Island (Casco Bay, Maine)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Fowler_Centre=Michael Fowler Centre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tudor_Place=Tudor Place
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Octagon_House=The Octagon House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Golden_Gumboot=Golden Gumboot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Region_6_War_Room=Region 6 War Room
http://dbpedia.org/resource/W._H._Bickel_Estate=W. H. Bickel Estate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harriet_Beecher_Stowe_House_(Cincinnati,_Ohio)=Harriet Beecher Stowe House (Cincinnati, Ohio)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Paul's_Chapel=St. Paul's Chapel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Mark's_Church_in-the-Bowery=St. Mark's Church in-the-Bowery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fox_Theatre_(Fullerton,_California)=Fox Theatre (Fullerton, California)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manila_Film_Center=Manila Film Center
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carson,_Pirie,_Scott_and_Company_Building=Carson, Pirie, Scott and Company Building
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aurora_Place=Aurora Place
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Criterion_Place=Criterion Place
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bay_View,_Milwaukee=Bay View, Milwaukee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/17_&_19_Newhall_Street,_Birmingham=17 & 19 Newhall Street, Birmingham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Barley_Mow,_Clifton_Hampden=The Barley Mow, Clifton Hampden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fort_Frederick_Heritage_Preserve=Fort Frederick Heritage Preserve
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Museum_of_Early_Trades_and_Crafts=Museum of Early Trades and Crafts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Academia_Pomeroy_Covered_Bridge=Academia Pomeroy Covered Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/King's_Arms=King's Arms
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kluczynski_Federal_Building=Kluczynski Federal Building
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emigration_Canyon,_Utah=Emigration Canyon, Utah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Monument_to_the_Forefathers=National Monument to the Forefathers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Turf_Tavern=Turf Tavern
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Linda_Vista_Community_Hospital=Linda Vista Community Hospital
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Old_Post_Office_(Albuquerque,_New_Mexico)=Old Post Office (Albuquerque, New Mexico)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Villa_Chiericati=Villa Chiericati
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vadstena_Castle=Vadstena Castle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RKO_Forty_Acres=RKO Forty Acres
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hawikuh_Ruins=Hawikuh Ruins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Methodist_Central_Hall,_Birmingham=Methodist Central Hall, Birmingham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Keys_Residence=Thomas Keys Residence
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A._H._Bulbulian_Residence=A. H. Bulbulian Residence
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colonial_Germantown_Historic_District=Colonial Germantown Historic District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philips_Memorial_Building=Philips Memorial Building
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chedworth_Roman_Villa=Chedworth Roman Villa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Al_Rajhi_Tower=Al Rajhi Tower
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indian_King_Tavern=Indian King Tavern
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Old_Library=Old Library
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hampden_Academy=Hampden Academy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uptown_Theatre_(Chicago)=Uptown Theatre (Chicago)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Peter's_Cathedral_(Scranton,_Pennsylvania)=St. Peter's Cathedral (Scranton, Pennsylvania)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eighth_Avenue_Place=Eighth Avenue Place
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louisville_Free_Public_Library=Louisville Free Public Library
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stony_Point_Battlefield=Stony Point Battlefield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/California_Club=California Club
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trump_International_Hotel_and_Tower_(Dubai)=Trump International Hotel and Tower (Dubai)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Compton_Beauchamp_House=Compton Beauchamp House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caversham_Park=Caversham Park
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thebarton_Theatre=Thebarton Theatre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Capita_Centre=Capita Centre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Playhouse_Theatre_(Perth)=The Playhouse Theatre (Perth)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chifley_Tower=Chifley Tower
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blues_Point_Tower=Blues Point Tower
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cape_Town_International_Convention_Centre=Cape Town International Convention Centre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/World_Tower=World Tower
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Governor_Phillip_Tower=Governor Phillip Tower
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Citigroup_Centre,_Sydney=Citigroup Centre, Sydney
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christ_Episcopal_Church_(La_Crosse,_Wisconsin)=Christ Episcopal Church (La Crosse, Wisconsin)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rincon_Center=Rincon Center
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bank_of_Mauritius_Tower=Bank of Mauritius Tower
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brucemore=Brucemore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Columbus_Tower_(London)=Columbus Tower (London)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georgetown_City_Hall=Georgetown City Hall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RSA_Battle_House_Tower=RSA Battle House Tower
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ernie_Pyle_House/Library=Ernie Pyle House/Library
http://dbpedia.org/resource/El_Tovar_Hotel=El Tovar Hotel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pupin_Hall=Pupin Hall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Temple_Building_(Toronto)=Temple Building (Toronto)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Old_Colony_Historical_Society=Old Colony Historical Society
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fox_Hollies_Hall=Fox Hollies Hall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Broadgate_Tower=Broadgate Tower
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jubilee_Tower=Jubilee Tower
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Windsor_Avenue_Congregational_Church=Windsor Avenue Congregational Church
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hedden_Construction_Company=Hedden Construction Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Casablanca_Twin_Center=Casablanca Twin Center
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ulysses_S._Grant_Home=Ulysses S. Grant Home
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_McBean_Residence=James McBean Residence
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fontainebleau_Miami_Beach=Fontainebleau Miami Beach
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lasipalatsi=Lasipalatsi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harry_and_Penelope_Seidler_House=Harry and Penelope Seidler House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Europa_Tower=Europa Tower
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bernstorff_Palace=Bernstorff Palace
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Highpoint_I=Highpoint I
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Congregation_Beth_Elohim=Congregation Beth Elohim
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zifeng_Tower=Zifeng Tower
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monmouth_Battlefield_State_Park=Monmouth Battlefield State Park
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Peak_Twin_Towers=The Peak Twin Towers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canada_Saskatchewan_Production_Studios=Canada Saskatchewan Production Studios
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Outer_Drive_East=Outer Drive East
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Buckingham_(Chicago)=The Buckingham (Chicago)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blue_Cross_Blue_Shield_Tower=Blue Cross Blue Shield Tower
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cannondale_(Metro-North_station)=Cannondale (Metro-North station)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sterick_Building=Sterick Building
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baden-Powell_House=Baden-Powell House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bear_Inn,_Oxford=Bear Inn, Oxford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Puebla_Cathedral=Puebla Cathedral
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Obel_Tower=Obel Tower
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Holbeck_Hall_Hotel=Holbeck Hall Hotel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_America_Plaza=One America Plaza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Melbourne_Star=Melbourne Star
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Petrovaradin_Fortress=Petrovaradin Fortress
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Port_Tower_Complex=Port Tower Complex
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goldblatt's=Goldblatt's
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monseigneur_Schrijnen_Retreat_House=Monseigneur Schrijnen Retreat House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cathedral_of_Saint_Helena=Cathedral of Saint Helena
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Overton_Lodge=Overton Lodge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grand_Egyptian_Museum=Grand Egyptian Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fort_Okanogan=Fort Okanogan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrew_Melville_Hall=Andrew Melville Hall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jericho_Tavern=Jericho Tavern
http://dbpedia.org/resource/First_Bank_and_Trust_Tower=First Bank and Trust Tower
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sony_Tower=Sony Tower
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edna_S._Purcell_House=Edna S. Purcell House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Palmer_Memorial_Institute=Palmer Memorial Institute
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Former_V&D_Heerlen=Former V&D Heerlen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Betsy_Ross_House=Betsy Ross House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patsy_Clark_Mansion=Patsy Clark Mansion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brisbane_Administration_Centre=Brisbane Administration Centre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Woodchester_Mansion=Woodchester Mansion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Old_Ship_Church=Old Ship Church
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Finnish_Labour_Temple=Finnish Labour Temple
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Long_Pond_Ironworks_State_Park=Long Pond Ironworks State Park
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Royal_Theater_Heerlen=Royal Theater Heerlen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1_Cabot_Square=1 Cabot Square
http://dbpedia.org/resource/5_Canada_Square=5 Canada Square
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oregon_Commercial_Company_Building=Oregon Commercial Company Building
http://dbpedia.org/resource/D_&_RG_Narrow_Gauge_Trestle=D & RG Narrow Gauge Trestle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Regal_Theatre=Regal Theatre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bolling_Hall,_Bradford=Bolling Hall, Bradford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trump_International_Hotel_and_Tower_(Honolulu)=Trump International Hotel and Tower (Honolulu)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isaac_Lee_Patterson_Bridge=Isaac Lee Patterson Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Levine_Science_Research_Center=Levine Science Research Center
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cranbury_School_District=Cranbury School District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Conrad_Fort_Lauderdale=Conrad Fort Lauderdale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tessin_Palace=Tessin Palace
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_South_Church=One South Church
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cayan_Tower=Cayan Tower
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wrangel_Palace=Wrangel Palace
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maybank_Tower_(Singapore)=Maybank Tower (Singapore)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maryland_Theatre_(Hagerstown)=Maryland Theatre (Hagerstown)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fort_Fetterman=Fort Fetterman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frost_Bank_Tower=Frost Bank Tower
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jumeirah_Bay=Jumeirah Bay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marselisborg_Palace=Marselisborg Palace
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Torre_Mapfre=Torre Mapfre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfred_E._Smith_Building=Alfred E. Smith Building
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hale_Springs_Inn=Hale Springs Inn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andes_Railroad_Station=Andes Railroad Station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tintic_Standard_Reduction_Mill=Tintic Standard Reduction Mill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Linnahall=Linnahall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heritage_Hall_(Valparaiso_University)=Heritage Hall (Valparaiso University)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Palace_of_the_High-Courier=Palace of the High-Courier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Camp_Dennison=Camp Dennison
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Argent_Centre=Argent Centre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angkasapuri=Angkasapuri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Midway_State_Park=Midway State Park
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chateau_Qu'Appelle=Chateau Qu'Appelle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fort_Reno_(Wyoming)=Fort Reno (Wyoming)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prince_Edward_Building=Prince Edward Building
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cedar_Creek_and_Belle_Grove_National_Historical_Park=Cedar Creek and Belle Grove National Historical Park
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reed_Opera_House_and_McCornack_Block_Addition=Reed Opera House and McCornack Block Addition
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lions'_Gate=Lions' Gate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PSFS_Building=PSFS Building
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Herman_T._Mossberg_Residence=Herman T. Mossberg Residence
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martyred_Intellectuals_Memorial=Martyred Intellectuals Memorial
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swansea_Guildhall=Swansea Guildhall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pilsotas=Pilsotas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frankford_Avenue_Bridge=Frankford Avenue Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chicago_Title_and_Trust_Center=Chicago Title and Trust Center
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lookout_Studio=Lookout Studio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Holland_Performing_Arts_Center=Holland Performing Arts Center
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Florian_Church_(Hamtramck,_Michigan)=St. Florian Church (Hamtramck, Michigan)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hilton_Village=Hilton Village
http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_Nottingham_Academy=West Nottingham Academy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raleigh_Tavern=Raleigh Tavern
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Justus_Lipsius_building=Justus Lipsius building
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dry_Dock_Hotel=Dry Dock Hotel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Three_First_National_Plaza=Three First National Plaza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_North_Wacker=One North Wacker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clark_Tower_(Memphis,_Tennessee)=Clark Tower (Memphis, Tennessee)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baskerville_House=Baskerville House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paramount_Theatre_(Cedar_Rapids,_Iowa)=Paramount Theatre (Cedar Rapids, Iowa)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Watervliet_Arsenal=Watervliet Arsenal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Erastus_Corning_Tower=Erastus Corning Tower
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Happy_Retreat=Happy Retreat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/International_House_of_New_York=International House of New York
http://dbpedia.org/resource/55_East_Erie_Street=55 East Erie Street
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hermitage_Road_Historic_District=Hermitage Road Historic District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Palace_of_Europe=Palace of Europe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Morrab_Library=Morrab Library
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trenton_Bath_House=Trenton Bath House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fort_Benjamin_Harrison=Fort Benjamin Harrison
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tannehill_Ironworks=Tannehill Ironworks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Royal_Oak_Hotel=Royal Oak Hotel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Illinois_State_Fairgrounds_Racetrack=Illinois State Fairgrounds Racetrack
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Duke_Chapel=Duke Chapel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Howard_Steamboat_Museum=Howard Steamboat Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Whitney_Peak_Hotel=Whitney Peak Hotel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prospect_Hall_(Frederick,_Maryland)=Prospect Hall (Frederick, Maryland)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Carmel_Center=Mount Carmel Center
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swansea_Civic_Centre=Swansea Civic Centre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mousehole_Wild_Bird_Hospital_and_Sanctuary=Mousehole Wild Bird Hospital and Sanctuary
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trinity_House_National_Lighthouse_Museum=Trinity House National Lighthouse Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AN/FSQ-32=AN/FSQ-32
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dayabumi_Complex=Dayabumi Complex
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Central_Market,_Kuala_Lumpur=Central Market, Kuala Lumpur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Haus_des_Rundfunks=Haus des Rundfunks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Medieval_Merchant's_House=Medieval Merchant's House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tuscawilla_Park_Historic_District=Tuscawilla Park Historic District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Krasiczyn_Castle=Krasiczyn Castle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cope_Depot=Cope Depot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parkview_Square=Parkview Square
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Beresford=The Beresford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coughlin_Campanile=Coughlin Campanile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Milford_Plant_of_the_Hackensack_Water_Company=New Milford Plant of the Hackensack Water Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Micanopy_Historic_District=Micanopy Historic District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Florida_Campus_Historic_District=University of Florida Campus Historic District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Washington_Carver_Museum_and_Cultural_Center=George Washington Carver Museum and Cultural Center
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All-Star_Triangle_Bowl=All-Star Triangle Bowl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Call_Street_Historic_District=Call Street Historic District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Key_West_Historic_District=Key West Historic District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Old_City_Hall_(Boston)=Old City Hall (Boston)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Epic_Center=Epic Center
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Belapur_Fort=Belapur Fort
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elite_Tower=Elite Tower
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NBC_Tower=NBC Tower
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robinson_Hotel=Robinson Hotel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madison_Theatre=Madison Theatre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_Rincon_Hill=One Rincon Hill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pere_Marquette_Hotel=Pere Marquette Hotel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peoria_City_Hall=Peoria City Hall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Scott_Buckham_Memorial_Library=Thomas Scott Buckham Memorial Library
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grande_Hotel_Beira=Grande Hotel Beira
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Lloyd_Garrison_House=William Lloyd Garrison House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States_Capitol_Visitor_Center=United States Capitol Visitor Center
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mermaid_House_Hotel=Mermaid House Hotel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Texas_Governor's_Mansion=Texas Governor's Mansion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Green_Pastures_(Austin,_Texas)=Green Pastures (Austin, Texas)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brown_Building_(Austin,_Texas)=Brown Building (Austin, Texas)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Morgans_Hotel=Morgans Hotel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adelaide_Convention_Centre=Adelaide Convention Centre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Geisel_Library=Geisel Library
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matthew_Geary_House=Matthew Geary House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Park_Place_(Norfolk)=Park Place (Norfolk)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Von_KleinSmid_Mansion=Von KleinSmid Mansion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lyman_School_for_Boys=Lyman School for Boys
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Precision_Museum=American Precision Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Savage_Mill=Savage Mill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hughes_Memorial_Tower=Hughes Memorial Tower
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vyborg_Castle=Vyborg Castle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trump_Ocean_Club_International_Hotel_and_Tower=Trump Ocean Club International Hotel and Tower
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beecher_Island=Beecher Island
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Old_Market_House_(Galena,_Illinois)=Old Market House (Galena, Illinois)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pennsylvania_Canal_(Delaware_Division)=Pennsylvania Canal (Delaware Division)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Duke_Homestead_and_Tobacco_Factory=Duke Homestead and Tobacco Factory
http://dbpedia.org/resource/U2_Tower=U2 Tower
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chase_Tower_(Amarillo)=Chase Tower (Amarillo)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chippiannock_Cemetery=Chippiannock Cemetery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Latrobe_(Amtrak_station)=Latrobe (Amtrak station)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carrie_Eliza_Getty_Tomb=Carrie Eliza Getty Tomb
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greensburg_(Amtrak_station)=Greensburg (Amtrak station)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Highlands_(Pennsylvania)=The Highlands (Pennsylvania)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Kazimierz_Church=St. Kazimierz Church
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Noor_Mahal=Noor Mahal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mission_House_(Stockbridge,_Massachusetts)=Mission House (Stockbridge, Massachusetts)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St_Paul's_Tower=St Paul's Tower
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sackets_Harbor_Battlefield_State_Historic_Site=Sackets Harbor Battlefield State Historic Site
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ford_Kansas_City_Assembly_Plant=Ford Kansas City Assembly Plant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Old_Forest_Arboretum_of_Overton_Park=Old Forest Arboretum of Overton Park
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dewitt_C._Greer_State_Highway_Building=Dewitt C. Greer State Highway Building
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Texas_Federation_of_Women's_Clubs_Headquarters=Texas Federation of Women's Clubs Headquarters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_Baptist_Church_(Austin,_Texas)=University Baptist Church (Austin, Texas)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Weeksville,_Brooklyn=Weeksville, Brooklyn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Woodlawn_(Austin,_Texas)=Woodlawn (Austin, Texas)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Old_West_Austin_Historic_District=Old West Austin Historic District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Millennium_Tower_(San_Francisco)=Millennium Tower (San Francisco)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lundberg_Bakery_(Austin,_Texas)=Lundberg Bakery (Austin, Texas)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Istana_Kampong_Glam=Istana Kampong Glam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wyoming_Monument=Wyoming Monument
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Morrow_Plots=Morrow Plots
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pennypacker_Mills=Pennypacker Mills
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Holcomb_Observatory_and_Planetarium=Holcomb Observatory and Planetarium
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Herman_C._Timm_House=Herman C. Timm House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lands_Administration_Building=Lands Administration Building
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rhodes_Tower=Rhodes Tower
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Refuge_Assurance_Building=Refuge Assurance Building
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adena_Mansion=Adena Mansion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Messe_Torhaus=Messe Torhaus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Llanelly_House=Llanelly House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Larz_Anderson_Auto_Museum=Larz Anderson Auto Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Embassy_Theatre_(Lewistown,_Pennsylvania)=Embassy Theatre (Lewistown, Pennsylvania)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andalusia_(Milledgeville,_Georgia)=Andalusia (Milledgeville, Georgia)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Berkeley_Building=Berkeley Building
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manhattan_Building_(Chicago,_Illinois)=Manhattan Building (Chicago, Illinois)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blackbeard's_Castle=Blackbeard's Castle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fifth_Avenue_High_School=Fifth Avenue High School
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Museum_of_Finland=National Museum of Finland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/French_Legation=French Legation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zachary_Taylor_House=Zachary Taylor House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fillmore_House=Fillmore House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tokeland_Hotel=Tokeland Hotel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grand_Hotel_Prishtina=Grand Hotel Prishtina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fort_Buford=Fort Buford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chester_A._Arthur_Home=Chester A. Arthur Home
http://dbpedia.org/resource/J._P._Schneider_Store=J. P. Schneider Store
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mobile_National_Cemetery=Mobile National Cemetery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Woodrow_Wilson_House_(Washington,_D.C.)=Woodrow Wilson House (Washington, D.C.)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harding_Home=Harding Home
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seri_Negeri_complex=Seri Negeri complex
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gulfview_Hotel_Historic_District=Gulfview Hotel Historic District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Penang_State_Assembly_Building=Penang State Assembly Building
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bartow_Downtown_Commercial_District=Bartow Downtown Commercial District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sylvanus_Wade_House=Sylvanus Wade House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cliff_Brewery=Cliff Brewery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Southern_Cassadaga_Spiritualist_Camp_Historic_District=Southern Cassadaga Spiritualist Camp Historic District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Tower,_Meridian_Quay=The Tower, Meridian Quay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lambsar_Castle=Lambsar Castle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_J._Glessner_House=John J. Glessner House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coolidge_Homestead=Coolidge Homestead
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ford_Center_for_the_Performing_Arts_Oriental_Theatre=Ford Center for the Performing Arts Oriental Theatre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Villa_Louis=Villa Louis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harriton_House=Harriton House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bren_Hall=Bren Hall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goodall_Wooten_House=Goodall Wooten House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Austin_History_Center=Austin History Center
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wooldridge_Park=Wooldridge Park
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_Museum_Park=One Museum Park
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brizendine_House=Brizendine House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carrington-Covert_House=Carrington-Covert House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Hirshfeld_House_and_Cottage=Henry Hirshfeld House and Cottage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Demonstration_Hall=Demonstration Hall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Central_Christian_Church_(Austin,_Texas)=Central Christian Church (Austin, Texas)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fischer_House_(Austin,_Texas)=Fischer House (Austin, Texas)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daniel_H._and_William_T._Caswell_Houses=Daniel H. and William T. Caswell Houses
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Masonic_Temple_(Berkeley,_California)=Masonic Temple (Berkeley, California)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Ecclesia=Mount Ecclesia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Las_Vegas_Post_Office_and_Courthouse=Las Vegas Post Office and Courthouse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baden-Powell_International_House=Baden-Powell International House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_Woodward_Avenue=One Woodward Avenue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buhl_Building=Buhl Building
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cadillac_Tower=Cadillac Tower
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swedish_Evangelical_Lutheran_Church_(Ham_Lake,_Minnesota)=Swedish Evangelical Lutheran Church (Ham Lake, Minnesota)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Westin_Book_Cadillac_Hotel=Westin Book Cadillac Hotel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Book_Tower=Book Tower
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_J._Hill_House=James J. Hill House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/211_West_Fort_Street=211 West Fort Street
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1300_Lafayette_East_Cooperative=1300 Lafayette East Cooperative
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coleman_A._Young_Municipal_Center=Coleman A. Young Municipal Center
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Connaught_Armoury=Connaught Armoury
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Broderick_Tower=David Broderick Tower
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albion_State_Normal_School=Albion State Normal School
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moores_Creek_Bridge=Moores Creek Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Huntridge_Theater=Huntridge Theater
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fort_Inge=Fort Inge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Persada_Johor=Persada Johor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Summit_Lake_Park=Summit Lake Park
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baltimore_Belt_Line=Baltimore Belt Line
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Salisbury_House_(Des_Moines,_Iowa)=Salisbury House (Des Moines, Iowa)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Detroit_Free_Press_Building=Detroit Free Press Building
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Green_Shack=The Green Shack
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_Library_Building=Alexander Library Building
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stara_Prochownia=Stara Prochownia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/First_National_Building=First National Building
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1001_Woodward=1001 Woodward
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Millender_Center_Apartments=Millender Center Apartments
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colworth_House=Colworth House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Southfield_Town_Center=Southfield Town Center
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Center=American Center
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Col._Monroe_M._Shipe_House=Col. Monroe M. Shipe House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elmwood_Cemetery_(Detroit,_Michigan)=Elmwood Cemetery (Detroit, Michigan)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cathedral_Parish_School=Cathedral Parish School
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_de_Chantal_Visitation_Academy=Mount de Chantal Visitation Academy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elm_Grove_Stone_Arch_Bridge=Elm Grove Stone Arch Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louvre_Palace=Louvre Palace
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Avalon_Theater_(Brooklyn)=Avalon Theater (Brooklyn)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Smith-Marcuse-Lowry_House=Smith-Marcuse-Lowry House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keeler_Tavern=Keeler Tavern
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oliphant-Walker_House=Oliphant-Walker House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_and_Clotilde_Shipe_Mansbendel_House=Peter and Clotilde Shipe Mansbendel House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madam_Brett_Homestead=Madam Brett Homestead
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DeWint_House=DeWint House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sugar_Hill,_Manhattan=Sugar Hill, Manhattan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Willow_Beach_Gauging_Station=Willow Beach Gauging Station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fairmount,_Richmond,_Virginia=Fairmount, Richmond, Virginia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deutsche_Bank_Place=Deutsche Bank Place
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maxdo_Centre=Maxdo Centre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kyle_Ranch=Kyle Ranch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_Magnificent_Mile=One Magnificent Mile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chicago_Place=Chicago Place
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boeing_International_Headquarters=Boeing International Headquarters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CCC_Shelter=CCC Shelter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Van_Wyck_Homestead=Van Wyck Homestead
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Masonic_Temple_(Chicago)=Masonic Temple (Chicago)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carpenters'_Hall=Carpenters' Hall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Forest_Theater=Forest Theater
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harbor_Towers=Harbor Towers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Clare=The Clare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kostabi_World_Trade_Center=Kostabi World Trade Center
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Br._Andrew_Gonzalez_Hall=Br. Andrew Gonzalez Hall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Winehaven,_California=Winehaven, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/LeConte_Memorial_Lodge=LeConte Memorial Lodge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/South_Lake_Morton_Historic_District=South Lake Morton Historic District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Empress_Alexandra_Russian_Muslim_Boarding_School_for_Girls=Empress Alexandra Russian Muslim Boarding School for Girls
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Naval_Air_Station_Tillamook=Naval Air Station Tillamook
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Valentown_Hall=Valentown Hall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Winchester_Mountain_Lookout=Winchester Mountain Lookout
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Neal_and_Dixon's_Warehouse=Neal and Dixon's Warehouse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stetson_University_Campus_Historic_District=Stetson University Campus Historic District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Mark's_Episcopal_Church_(Philadelphia,_Pennsylvania)=St. Mark's Episcopal Church (Philadelphia, Pennsylvania)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_Tampa_Historic_District=West Tampa Historic District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Smoky_Hollow_Historic_District=Smoky Hollow Historic District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thoresby_House=Thoresby House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raj_Bhavan,_Darjeeling=Raj Bhavan, Darjeeling
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Lucie_Village_Historic_District=St. Lucie Village Historic District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apalachicola_Historic_District=Apalachicola Historic District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/White_Springs_Historic_District=White Springs Historic District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Palmetto_Historic_District=Palmetto Historic District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alger-Sullivan_Lumber_Company_Residential_Historic_District=Alger-Sullivan Lumber Company Residential Historic District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/834_Fifth_Avenue=834 Fifth Avenue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pillars_of_Hercules_(pub)=Pillars of Hercules (pub)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/State_Tower=State Tower
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zephyrhills_Downtown_Historic_District=Zephyrhills Downtown Historic District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Church_Street_Historic_District_(Dade_City,_Florida)=Church Street Historic District (Dade City, Florida)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moore_Haven_Residential_Historic_District=Moore Haven Residential Historic District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/South_Brooksville_Avenue_Historic_District=South Brooksville Avenue Historic District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monticello_Historic_District_(Monticello,_Florida)=Monticello Historic District (Monticello, Florida)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seminole_Heights_Residential_District=Seminole Heights Residential District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hafodunos=Hafodunos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicholas_Tower=Nicholas Tower
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Hill_Standpipe=Thomas Hill Standpipe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Beach_Historic_District=American Beach Historic District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reformed_Church_of_Tappan=Reformed Church of Tappan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adams_Mill_Covered_Bridge=Adams Mill Covered Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Centenary_College_of_Louisiana_at_Jackson=Centenary College of Louisiana at Jackson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Augustine_Alligator_Farm_Zoological_Park=St. Augustine Alligator Farm Zoological Park
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lloyd_Historic_District=Lloyd Historic District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_Riverside_Drive=One Riverside Drive
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bank_of_Commerce_Building,_Windsor=Bank of Commerce Building, Windsor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canada_Building_(Windsor)=Canada Building (Windsor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Park_Tower_(Tampa)=Park Tower (Tampa)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Franklin_Square_(Philadelphia)=Franklin Square (Philadelphia)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pensacola_Naval_Air_Station_Historic_District=Pensacola Naval Air Station Historic District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nela_Park=Nela Park
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fasbender_Clinic=Fasbender Clinic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spring_Valley_Presbyterian_Church=Spring Valley Presbyterian Church
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grace_Episcopal_Church_(Georgetown,_Colorado)=Grace Episcopal Church (Georgetown, Colorado)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilson_Building_(Dallas,_Texas)=Wilson Building (Dallas, Texas)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reverend_James_Keith_Parsonage=Reverend James Keith Parsonage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baird_Hardware_Company_Warehouse=Baird Hardware Company Warehouse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cox_Furniture_Warehouse=Cox Furniture Warehouse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Epworth_Hall_(Gainesville,_Florida)=Epworth Hall (Gainesville, Florida)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hotel_Thomas=Hotel Thomas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mary_Phifer_McKenzie_House=Mary Phifer McKenzie House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maj._James_B._Bailey_House=Maj. James B. Bailey House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Evinston_Community_Store_and_Post_Office=Evinston Community Store and Post Office
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Upton_Hall=Upton Hall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chapel_Hill_Mall=Chapel Hill Mall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Neilson_House=Neilson House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oheka_Castle=Oheka Castle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meadow_Brook_Hall=Meadow Brook Hall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fairmont_Olympic_Hotel_(Seattle)=Fairmont Olympic Hotel (Seattle)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/King_Opera_House=King Opera House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Princeton_Cooperative=Princeton Cooperative
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anderson_Hall_(Gainesville,_Florida)=Anderson Hall (Gainesville, Florida)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Linden_Grove_Cemetery=Linden Grove Cemetery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Holy_Family_Cathedral_(Tulsa,_Oklahoma)=Holy Family Cathedral (Tulsa, Oklahoma)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Titanic_Memorial_(Washington,_D.C.)=Titanic Memorial (Washington, D.C.)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Presentation_Academy=Presentation Academy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tyler_Block=Tyler Block
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bryan_Hall_(Gainesville,_Florida)=Bryan Hall (Gainesville, Florida)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buckman_Hall_(Gainesville,_Florida)=Buckman Hall (Gainesville, Florida)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brooklyn_Historical_Society=Brooklyn Historical Society
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Newell_Hall_(Gainesville,_Florida)=Newell Hall (Gainesville, Florida)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peabody_Hall_(Gainesville,_Florida)=Peabody Hall (Gainesville, Florida)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Hall_(Gainesville,_Florida)=Thomas Hall (Gainesville, Florida)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rolfs_Hall_(Gainesville,_Florida)=Rolfs Hall (Gainesville, Florida)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ustler_Hall=Ustler Hall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norman_Hall_(Gainesville,_Florida)=Norman Hall (Gainesville, Florida)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Old_WRUF_Radio_Station=Old WRUF Radio Station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mary_Todd_Lincoln_House=Mary Todd Lincoln House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liberty_Hall_(Frankfort,_Kentucky)=Liberty Hall (Frankfort, Kentucky)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Belleview_School=Belleview School
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Riley_Josselyn_House=James Riley Josselyn House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gen._Robert_Bullock_House=Gen. Robert Bullock House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfred_Ayer_House=Alfred Ayer House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_R._Ayer_House=Thomas R. Ayer House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Zion_A.M.E._Church_(Ocala,_Florida)=Mount Zion A.M.E. Church (Ocala, Florida)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wenchang_Satellite_Launch_Center=Wenchang Satellite Launch Center
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Old_State_Capitol_(Kentucky)=Old State Capitol (Kentucky)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bahay_Tsinoy=Bahay Tsinoy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._La_Salle_Hall=St. La Salle Hall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Enrique_M._Razon_Sports_Center=Enrique M. Razon Sports Center
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hibernia_Bank_Building=Hibernia Bank Building
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coca-Cola_Bottling_Plant_(Ocala,_Florida)=Coca-Cola Bottling Plant (Ocala, Florida)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/East_Hall_(Ocala,_Florida)=East Hall (Ocala, Florida)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ritz_Apartment_(Ocala,_Florida)=The Ritz Apartment (Ocala, Florida)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marion_Hotel_(Ocala,_Florida)=Marion Hotel (Ocala, Florida)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nathan_B._Booth_House=Nathan B. Booth House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Morgans_Hotel,_Swansea=Morgans Hotel, Swansea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Annesley_Hall,_Nottinghamshire=Annesley Hall, Nottinghamshire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Irvington_Historic_District_(Indianapolis,_Indiana)=Irvington Historic District (Indianapolis, Indiana)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joffrey_Tower=Joffrey Tower
http://dbpedia.org/resource/College_Hall_(La_Salle_University)=College Hall (La Salle University)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pope-Leighey_House=Pope-Leighey House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Martin_Sr._Building=Paul Martin Sr. Building
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harder_Hall=Harder Hall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mercantile_National_Bank_Building=Mercantile National Bank Building
http://dbpedia.org/resource/South_End_of_Stamford=South End of Stamford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_American_Place=One American Place
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pacific_Building_(Salem,_Oregon)=Pacific Building (Salem, Oregon)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fort_Hoskins=Fort Hoskins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Great_Witcombe_Roman_Villa=Great Witcombe Roman Villa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cochran_Farm=Cochran Farm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Riverlake=Riverlake
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Art_Institute_Dhaka=Art Institute Dhaka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moore_Hall_(Kansas_State_University)=Moore Hall (Kansas State University)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bouwerie_Lane_Theatre=Bouwerie Lane Theatre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aristotelous_Square=Aristotelous Square
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Capt._Elisha_Phelps_House=Capt. Elisha Phelps House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chase_Tower_(Phoenix)=Chase Tower (Phoenix)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Franklin_Canal_(Texas)=Franklin Canal (Texas)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oregon_City_Municipal_Elevator=Oregon City Municipal Elevator
http://dbpedia.org/resource/City_Park,_Denver=City Park, Denver
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Old_West_Salem_City_Hall=Old West Salem City Hall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lurie_Biomedical_Engineering_Center=Lurie Biomedical Engineering Center
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mercury_City_Tower=Mercury City Tower
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fort_Harker_(Kansas)=Fort Harker (Kansas)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Little_Norway,_Wisconsin=Little Norway, Wisconsin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manitou_Camp=Manitou Camp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kales_Building=Kales Building
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Westminster_Arcade=Westminster Arcade
http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_Hall_(Kansas_State_University)=West Hall (Kansas State University)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Haymaker_Hall=Haymaker Hall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Winter_Gardens,_Blackpool=Winter Gardens, Blackpool
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yellow_Bluff_Fort_Historic_State_Park=Yellow Bluff Fort Historic State Park
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Waterplace=Waterplace
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Torre_de_Madrid=Torre de Madrid
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lowell_Cemetery=Lowell Cemetery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eurasia_(building)=Eurasia (building)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TWA_Corporate_Headquarters_Building=TWA Corporate Headquarters Building
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Regis_Museum_Tower=St. Regis Museum Tower
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fort_Harker_(Alabama)=Fort Harker (Alabama)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heidelberg_Town_Hall=Heidelberg Town Hall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Huntington_Beach_Public_Library=Huntington Beach Public Library
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dorney_Court=Dorney Court
http://dbpedia.org/resource/J._L._Hudson_Department_Store_and_Addition=J. L. Hudson Department Store and Addition
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don_Enrique_T._Yuchengco_Hall=Don Enrique T. Yuchengco Hall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AT&T_Michigan_Headquarters=AT&T Michigan Headquarters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chrysler_House=Chrysler House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Penobscot_Building_Annex=Penobscot Building Annex
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Penobscot_Building_(1905)=Penobscot Building (1905)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeffersonian_Apartments=Jeffersonian Apartments
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Halifax_Armoury=Halifax Armoury
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicholas_Jarrot_Mansion=Nicholas Jarrot Mansion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shwezigon_Pagoda=Shwezigon Pagoda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_Progress_Plaza=One Progress Plaza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_W._Fulton_Mansion=George W. Fulton Mansion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Melbourne_Hall=Melbourne Hall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Castle_Hill_(Ipswich,_Massachusetts)=Castle Hill (Ipswich, Massachusetts)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Loket_Castle=Loket Castle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/15_Westferry_Circus=15 Westferry Circus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patrick_V._McNamara_Federal_Building=Patrick V. McNamara Federal Building
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Water_Board_Building=Water Board Building
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Murphree_Area_(Gainesville,_Florida)=Murphree Area (Gainesville, Florida)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_B._Plant_Museum=Henry B. Plant Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hexagon=The Hexagon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hammond-Harwood_House=Hammond-Harwood House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Millenium_Hilton=Millenium Hilton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meyer_May_House=Meyer May House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mahonia_Hall=Mahonia Hall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bald_Rock_Hotel=Bald Rock Hotel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fort_Shelby_Hotel=Fort Shelby Hotel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Paul's_Episcopal_Church_(Georgetown,_Delaware)=St. Paul's Episcopal Church (Georgetown, Delaware)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marywil=Marywil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sir_William_Wallace_Hotel=Sir William Wallace Hotel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Exchange_Hotel_(Balmain)=Exchange Hotel (Balmain)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Camlin_Hotel=Camlin Hotel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Camp_Eagle_Island=Camp Eagle Island
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tapu_Te_Ranga_Marae=Tapu Te Ranga Marae
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Westfield_MainPlace=Westfield MainPlace
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Erie_Canal_Museum=Erie Canal Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scotts_Shopping_Centre=Scotts Shopping Centre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fort_King=Fort King
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Garden_District,_Baton_Rouge,_Louisiana=Garden District, Baton Rouge, Louisiana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_George_Street=One George Street
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Victoria_Point_(building)=Victoria Point (building)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Allaire_Village=Allaire Village
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Castle_Cinema=Castle Cinema
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Holy_Trinity_Church,_Warsaw=Holy Trinity Church, Warsaw
http://dbpedia.org/resource/50_Kennedy_Plaza=50 Kennedy Plaza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ladew_Topiary_Gardens=Ladew Topiary Gardens
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Skybridge,_Chicago=Skybridge, Chicago
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wells_Japanese_Garden=Wells Japanese Garden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grand_Park_Centre=Grand Park Centre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wayne_County_Building=Wayne County Building
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Qube_(Detroit)=The Qube (Detroit)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fort_Washington_Plaza=Fort Washington Plaza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hammond_Building=Hammond Building
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Infomart=Infomart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Metropolitan_Building_(Detroit)=Metropolitan Building (Detroit)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vinton_Building=Vinton Building
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Detroit_City_Hall=Detroit City Hall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Minto_Metropole=Minto Metropole
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brooklyn_Borough_Hall=Brooklyn Borough Hall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Long_Branch_Saloon=Long Branch Saloon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blackburn's_Station=Blackburn's Station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daily_News_Building=Daily News Building
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isaac_Lewis_House_(Stratford,_Connecticut)=Isaac Lewis House (Stratford, Connecticut)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Texas_Electric_Railway=Texas Electric Railway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Omni_Homestead_Resort=The Omni Homestead Resort
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Presidential_Palace,_Vilnius=Presidential Palace, Vilnius
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philippi_Covered_Bridge=Philippi Covered Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fort_Chadbourne=Fort Chadbourne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dubai_Towers_Doha=Dubai Towers Doha
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greenville_Public_Library=Greenville Public Library
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grand_Army_of_the_Republic_Building=Grand Army of the Republic Building
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ormesby_Hall=Ormesby Hall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Joseph_Plantation=St. Joseph Plantation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hoopes-Smith_House=Hoopes-Smith House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elphinstone_Place=Elphinstone Place
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_A._Hemann_House=Joseph A. Hemann House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Royal_(Florida)=Mount Royal (Florida)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adams-Higgins_House=Adams-Higgins House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lafayette_Building_(Detroit)=Lafayette Building (Detroit)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/White_Hall_(Richmond,_Kentucky)=White Hall (Richmond, Kentucky)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lafayette_Park,_Detroit=Lafayette Park, Detroit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brick_House_(London)=Brick House (London)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patapsco_Female_Institute=Patapsco Female Institute
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_Kennedy_Square=One Kennedy Square
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vesteda_Toren=Vesteda Toren
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Berkeley_Public_Library=Berkeley Public Library
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wigwam_Motel=Wigwam Motel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Charles=The Charles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Top_of_Troy=Top of Troy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/First_National_Bank_Building_(Ann_Arbor,_Michigan)=First National Bank Building (Ann Arbor, Michigan)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Low_Memorial_Library=Low Memorial Library
http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_High_School_(Columbus,_Ohio)=North High School (Columbus, Ohio)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oregon_State_Fair=Oregon State Fair
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adoba_Hotel_Dearborn_Detroit=Adoba Hotel Dearborn Detroit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Compuware_World_Headquarters=Compuware World Headquarters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_Artists_Theatre_Building=United Artists Theatre Building
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Detroit_Masonic_Temple=Detroit Masonic Temple
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Home_Savings_Bank_Building=Home Savings Bank Building
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_Commerce_Plaza=One Commerce Plaza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Idlewild,_Michigan=Idlewild, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Detroit_Building=Detroit Building
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lawyers_Building=Lawyers Building
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DTE_Energy_Headquarters=DTE Energy Headquarters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saint_John's_Evangelical_Lutheran_Church_(Milwaukee,_Wisconsin)=Saint John's Evangelical Lutheran Church (Milwaukee, Wisconsin)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Griswold_Building_Senior_Apartments=Griswold Building Senior Apartments
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Presidential_Mansion,_Athens=Presidential Mansion, Athens
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Merchants_Building=Merchants Building
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harvard_Square_Centre=Harvard Square Centre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hotel_Tuller=Hotel Tuller
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carrollton_Covered_Bridge=Carrollton Covered Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Villa_Jeanneret=Villa Jeanneret
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dobbin_House_Tavern=Dobbin House Tavern
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kyoto_Gardens_of_Honolulu_Memorial_Park=Kyoto Gardens of Honolulu Memorial Park
http://dbpedia.org/resource/34_Montagu_Square,_Marylebone=34 Montagu Square, Marylebone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Brewing_Company=National Brewing Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Old_Stone_Fort_(Schoharie,_New_York)=Old Stone Fort (Schoharie, New York)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Hart_Benton_Home_and_Studio_State_Historic_Site=Thomas Hart Benton Home and Studio State Historic Site
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stockport_Town_Hall=Stockport Town Hall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfred_Lerner_Hall=Alfred Lerner Hall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_W._Klotz,_Sr.=Henry W. Klotz, Sr.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sebilj=Sebilj
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Green_Hills_Farm=Green Hills Farm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Broad_Street_Tower=Broad Street Tower
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Creech_Grange=Creech Grange
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Florin_Court=Florin Court
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alvarado_Park=Alvarado Park
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cathedral_of_St._John_in_the_Wilderness=Cathedral of St. John in the Wilderness
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cliffs_Shaft_Mine_Museum=Cliffs Shaft Mine Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blackacre_Nature_Preserve_and_Historic_Homestead=Blackacre Nature Preserve and Historic Homestead
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Army_Museum_of_Western_Australia=Army Museum of Western Australia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christ_the_King_(Lisbon)=Christ the King (Lisbon)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patee_House=Patee House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pony_Express_Stables=Pony Express Stables
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pan_Peninsula=Pan Peninsula
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Olympic_Stadium_(Hoquiam)=Olympic Stadium (Hoquiam)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Summerwind=Summerwind
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Citizens_and_Southern_National_Bank_of_South_Carolina=Citizens and Southern National Bank of South Carolina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robidoux_Row=Robidoux Row
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arch_of_the_Centuries=Arch of the Centuries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spektrum_(building)=Spektrum (building)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Old_Bradford_County_Courthouse=Old Bradford County Courthouse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Old_Calhoun_County_Courthouse=Old Calhoun County Courthouse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Old_Baker_County_Courthouse=Old Baker County Courthouse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Old_Citrus_County_Courthouse=Old Citrus County Courthouse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Troll_(research_station)=Troll (research station)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Old_Lee_County_Courthouse=Old Lee County Courthouse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Old_Hendry_County_Courthouse=Old Hendry County Courthouse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Old_Martin_County_Courthouse=Old Martin County Courthouse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Old_Lake_County_Courthouse_(Florida)=Old Lake County Courthouse (Florida)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wolterton_Hall=Wolterton Hall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Majestic_Centre=Majestic Centre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Osceola_County_Courthouse_(Florida)=Osceola County Courthouse (Florida)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Suwannee_County_Courthouse=Suwannee County Courthouse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Highlands_County_Courthouse=Highlands County Courthouse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Old_Indian_River_County_Courthouse=Old Indian River County Courthouse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Old_Manatee_County_Courthouse=Old Manatee County Courthouse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pendennis_Club=Pendennis Club
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rulo_Bridge=Rulo Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brownville_Bridge=Brownville Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Building_of_Pedagogical_Museum=Building of Pedagogical Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goleta_Depot=Goleta Depot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hollinshead_Hall=Hollinshead Hall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lui_Seng_Chun=Lui Seng Chun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_Business_Bay=One Business Bay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_Virginia_Independence_Hall=West Virginia Independence Hall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rancho_Petaluma_Adobe=Rancho Petaluma Adobe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacob_Riis_Park=Jacob Riis Park
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Riverside,_The_Farnsley-Moremen_Landing=Riverside, The Farnsley-Moremen Landing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cuatro_Torres_Business_Area=Cuatro Torres Business Area
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Torre_Bankia=Torre Bankia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albert_Carlton_Estate=Albert Carlton Estate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_R._Pierce_House=Thomas R. Pierce House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wholesale_District,_Indianapolis=Wholesale District, Indianapolis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indiana_Avenue=Indiana Avenue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Burnsed_Blockhouse=Burnsed Blockhouse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Island_Hotel=Island Hotel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Old_Perry_Post_Office=Old Perry Post Office
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sopchoppy_School=Sopchoppy School
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dena'ina_Civic_and_Convention_Center=Dena'ina Civic and Convention Center
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rothe_House=Rothe House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Royal_Palace_of_Brussels=Royal Palace of Brussels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lake_Butler_Woman's_Club=Lake Butler Woman's Club
http://dbpedia.org/resource/McKinley_Climatic_Laboratory=McKinley Climatic Laboratory
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_G._Raney_House=David G. Raney House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trinity_Episcopal_Church_(Apalachicola,_Florida)=Trinity Episcopal Church (Apalachicola, Florida)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Senator_Theatre=Senator Theatre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emery,_Bird,_Thayer_Dry_Goods_Company=Emery, Bird, Thayer Dry Goods Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fairbanks_House_(Fernandina_Beach,_Florida)=Fairbanks House (Fernandina Beach, Florida)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Original_Town_of_Fernandina_Historic_Site=Original Town of Fernandina Historic Site
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Merrick-Simmons_House=Merrick-Simmons House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Speedwell_Ironworks=Speedwell Ironworks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wardlaw-Smith_House=Wardlaw-Smith House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bishop-Andrews_Hotel=Bishop-Andrews Hotel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dial-Goza_House=Dial-Goza House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/First_Baptist_Church_(Madison,_Florida)=First Baptist Church (Madison, Florida)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fort_Dunlop=Fort Dunlop
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NTT_Docomo_Yoyogi_Building=NTT Docomo Yoyogi Building
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Union_Depot_and_Atlantic_Coast_Line_Freight_Station=Union Depot and Atlantic Coast Line Freight Station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stuart_Welcome_Arch=Stuart Welcome Arch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hull-Hawkins_House=Hull-Hawkins House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bishop_B._Blackwell_House=Bishop B. Blackwell House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Old_Live_Oak_City_Hall=Old Live Oak City Hall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_B._Anderson_House=Charles B. Anderson House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Capt._Harold_B._Jeffries_House=Capt. Harold B. Jeffries House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Olympia_School=Olympia School
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kansas_City_Live_Stock_Exchange=Kansas City Live Stock Exchange
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Burn_Brae_Plantation-Krueger_House=Burn Brae Plantation-Krueger House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gate_House_(Jupiter_Island,_Florida)=Gate House (Jupiter Island, Florida)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martello_Gallery-Key_West_Art_and_Historical_Museum=Martello Gallery-Key West Art and Historical Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fort_Reno_(Oklahoma)=Fort Reno (Oklahoma)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grand_Army_of_the_Republic_Memorial_Hall_(St._Cloud,_Florida)=Grand Army of the Republic Memorial Hall (St. Cloud, Florida)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Massey_House=Thomas Massey House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Southeastern,_Pennsylvania=Southeastern, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grisamore_House=Grisamore House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_French_House=Henry French House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lloyd_Railroad_Depot=Lloyd Railroad Depot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Minneapolis_Armory=Minneapolis Armory
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Plant_City_Union_Depot=Plant City Union Depot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boca_Raton_Florida_East_Coast_Railway_Station=Boca Raton Florida East Coast Railway Station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Odd_Fellows_Hall_(Covington,_Kentucky)=Odd Fellows Hall (Covington, Kentucky)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fort_Ward_(Virginia)=Fort Ward (Virginia)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Punta_Gorda_Atlantic_Coast_Line_Depot=Punta Gorda Atlantic Coast Line Depot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Old_Lake_Placid_Atlantic_Coast_Line_Railroad_Depot=Old Lake Placid Atlantic Coast Line Railroad Depot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atlantic_Coast_Line_Railroad_Depot_(Lake_Wales,_Florida)=Atlantic Coast Line Railroad Depot (Lake Wales, Florida)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Old_Dundee_Atlantic_Coast_Line_Railroad_Depot=Old Dundee Atlantic Coast Line Railroad Depot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hialeah_Seaboard_Air_Line_Railway_Station=Hialeah Seaboard Air Line Railway Station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Delray_Beach_Seaboard_Air_Line_Railway_Station=Delray Beach Seaboard Air Line Railway Station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Naples_Seaboard_Air_Line_Railway_Station=Naples Seaboard Air Line Railway Station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seaboard_Air_Line_6113=Seaboard Air Line 6113
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seaboard_Air_Line_6603=Seaboard Air Line 6603
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harrisburg_State_Hospital=Harrisburg State Hospital
http://dbpedia.org/resource/House_of_Refuge_at_Gilbert's_Bar=House of Refuge at Gilbert's Bar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lyric_Theatre_(Stuart,_Florida)=Lyric Theatre (Stuart, Florida)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benjamin_Ferguson_House=Benjamin Ferguson House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Downs_House=Thomas Downs House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Watson_House_(Charlestown,_Indiana)=Watson House (Charlestown, Indiana)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aqua_(skyscraper)=Aqua (skyscraper)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cold_Spring_Presbyterian_Church=Cold Spring Presbyterian Church
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Portage_Canal=Portage Canal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crystal_River_Old_City_Hall=Crystal River Old City Hall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Old_Hernando_Elementary_School=Old Hernando Elementary School
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Old_Hamilton_County_Jail=Old Hamilton County Jail
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johns_House=Johns House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/First_United_Methodist_Church_(Jasper,_Florida)=First United Methodist Church (Jasper, Florida)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Columbia_County_High_School=Columbia County High School
http://dbpedia.org/resource/May-Stringer_House=May-Stringer House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Horace_Duncan_House=Horace Duncan House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/T._G._Henderson_House=T. G. Henderson House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hotel_Blanche=Hotel Blanche
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Judge_Willis_Russell_House=Judge Willis Russell House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Sherman_Jennings_House=William Sherman Jennings House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chinsegut_Hill_Manor_House=Chinsegut Hill Manor House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fort_Duffield=Fort Duffield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Old_Queens=Old Queens
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miami_Correctional_Facility=Miami Correctional Facility
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monument_Hill_and_Kreische_Brewery_State_Historic_Sites=Monument Hill and Kreische Brewery State Historic Sites
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Onota,_Au_Train_Township,_Michigan=Onota, Au Train Township, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Industrial_Exposition_Building=Industrial Exposition Building
http://dbpedia.org/resource/York_Street_Historic_District=York Street Historic District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dayton_Street_Historic_District=Dayton Street Historic District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Morris-Butler_House=Morris-Butler House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parkfairfax,_Virginia=Parkfairfax, Virginia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elijah_Herndon_House=Elijah Herndon House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._John_the_Baptist_Roman_Catholic_Church_(Wilder,_Kentucky)=St. John the Baptist Roman Catholic Church (Wilder, Kentucky)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/King_Edward_Hotel_(Jackson,_Mississippi)=King Edward Hotel (Jackson, Mississippi)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SS_Tarpon_(shipwreck)=SS Tarpon (shipwreck)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Belhurst_Castle=Belhurst Castle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dr._John_Quincy_Howe_House=Dr. John Quincy Howe House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Old_Clarksville_Site=Old Clarksville Site
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Luke_Baptist_Church=St. Luke Baptist Church
http://dbpedia.org/resource/South_Carolina_Supreme_Court=South Carolina Supreme Court
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Interlachen_Hall=Interlachen Hall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bronson-Mulholland_House=Bronson-Mulholland House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hubbard_House_(Crescent_City,_Florida)=Hubbard House (Crescent City, Florida)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lake_Mary_Chamber_of_Commerce_Building=Lake Mary Chamber of Commerce Building
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Capt._Francis_A._Hendry_House=Capt. Francis A. Hendry House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Old_Pinecrest_Hotel=Old Pinecrest Hotel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Central_Station_(Sebring,_Florida)=Central Station (Sebring, Florida)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kenilworth_Lodge=Kenilworth Lodge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clewiston_Inn=Clewiston Inn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seminole_County_Home=Seminole County Home
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Old_Fernald-Laughton_Memorial_Hospital=Old Fernald-Laughton Memorial Hospital
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wayne_Densch_Performing_Arts_Center=Wayne Densch Performing Arts Center
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grantham_Hospital=Grantham Hospital
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Old_DeLand_Memorial_Hospital=Old DeLand Memorial Hospital
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fort_Boonesborough_State_Park=Fort Boonesborough State Park
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vero_Theatre=Vero Theatre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sunrise_Theatre=Sunrise Theatre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_and_Walter_Monteith_House=Thomas and Walter Monteith House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mark_Twain_Boyhood_Home_&_Museum=Mark Twain Boyhood Home & Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Central_State_Hospital_(Kentucky)=Central State Hospital (Kentucky)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spalding_Hall=Spalding Hall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ben_Johnson_House_(Bardstown,_Kentucky)=Ben Johnson House (Bardstown, Kentucky)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Weltzheimer/Johnson_House=Weltzheimer/Johnson House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Infinity=The Infinity
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Church_of_the_Light=Church of the Light
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_Beale=One Beale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Mary's_Episcopal_Church_and_Rectory_(Milton,_Florida)=St. Mary's Episcopal Church and Rectory (Milton, Florida)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Michael's_Church_(99th_Street,_Manhattan)=St. Michael's Church (99th Street, Manhattan)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Postal_Square_Building=Postal Square Building
http://dbpedia.org/resource/African_Queen_(boat)=African Queen (boat)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AIA_Central=AIA Central
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Confederate_Monument_of_Bardstown=Confederate Monument of Bardstown
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shankend=Shankend
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Commerce_Square=Commerce Square
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sparks_Shot_Tower=Sparks Shot Tower
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grand_Site=Grand Site
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isaac_Bell_House=Isaac Bell House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benham_House=Benham House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Huldah_Gates=Huldah Gates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fletcher_Place=Fletcher Place
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_W._Dillon_Home=Paul W. Dillon Home
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Appanoose_County_Courthouse=Appanoose County Courthouse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Airy,_Richmond_County,_Virginia=Mount Airy, Richmond County, Virginia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walasi-Yi_Interpretive_Center=Walasi-Yi Interpretive Center
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carr_Mill_Mall=Carr Mill Mall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Union_Trust_Building_(Pittsburgh)=Union Trust Building (Pittsburgh)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canterbury_Shaker_Village=Canterbury Shaker Village
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Haish_Memorial_Library=Haish Memorial Library
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Salem_Downtown_Historic_District_(Salem,_Indiana)=Salem Downtown Historic District (Salem, Indiana)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Washington_County_Courthouse_(Indiana)=Washington County Courthouse (Indiana)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Willard_Straight_Hall=Willard Straight Hall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Hay_Center=John Hay Center
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Azrieli_Center=Azrieli Center
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arcade_Building_(Fort_Pierce,_Florida)=Arcade Building (Fort Pierce, Florida)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Old_Fort_Pierce_City_Hall=Old Fort Pierce City Hall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boston_House=Boston House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Selby_Field=Selby Field
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Old_Fort_Pierce_Post_Office=Old Fort Pierce Post Office
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jules_Frere_House=Jules Frere House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Captain_Hammond_House=Captain Hammond House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Old_St._Anastasia_Catholic_School=Old St. Anastasia Catholic School
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Lucie_High_School=St. Lucie High School
http://dbpedia.org/resource/23_Marina=23 Marina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Princess_Tower=Princess Tower
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Address_Downtown_Dubai=The Address Downtown Dubai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sama_Tower=Sama Tower
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Al_Yaqoub_Tower=Al Yaqoub Tower
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alamgir_Tower_Lahore=Alamgir Tower Lahore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Index_(Dubai)=The Index (Dubai)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ocean_Heights_(Dubai)=Ocean Heights (Dubai)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benjamin_Church_House_(Shorewood,_Wisconsin)=Benjamin Church House (Shorewood, Wisconsin)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PPL_Building=PPL Building
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martin_Tower=Martin Tower
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Newgate_Prison,_Dublin=Newgate Prison, Dublin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lotte_World_II_Hotel=Lotte World II Hotel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/International_Business_Center=International Business Center
http://dbpedia.org/resource/South_Ferry_Plaza=South Ferry Plaza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1_New_York_Place=1 New York Place
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DAMAC_Residenze=DAMAC Residenze
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blackburn_Point_Bridge=Blackburn Point Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Geva_Theatre_Center=Geva Theatre Center
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Launch_Complex_39_Press_Site=Launch Complex 39 Press Site
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Astor_Theatre=The Astor Theatre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Los_Robles_Gate=Los Robles Gate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miami-Dade_County_Courthouse=Miami-Dade County Courthouse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ice_Tower=Ice Tower
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mary_McLeod_Bethune_Home=Mary McLeod Bethune Home
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Torre_Generali=Torre Generali
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Torre_Planetarium=Torre Planetarium
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Suyong_Bay_Tower=Suyong Bay Tower
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Northeast_Asia_Trade_Tower=Northeast Asia Trade Tower
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ernest_Hemingway_House=Ernest Hemingway House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cathedral_Basilica_of_St._Augustine=Cathedral Basilica of St. Augustine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Avero_House=Avero House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Markland_(St._Augustine,_Florida)=Markland (St. Augustine, Florida)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ximenez-Fatio_House=Ximenez-Fatio House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Forest_Hill,_Ohio=Forest Hill, Ohio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Skagit_River_Hydroelectric_Project=Skagit River Hydroelectric Project
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_National_Bank_Building_(Alamosa,_Colorado)=American National Bank Building (Alamosa, Colorado)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_National_Bank_Building_(West_Palm_Beach,_Florida)=American National Bank Building (West Palm Beach, Florida)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_National_Bank_Building_(Sarasota,_Florida)=American National Bank Building (Sarasota, Florida)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samuel_Whitehorne_House=Samuel Whitehorne House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fort_Selden=Fort Selden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Murray_Theater_(Murray,_Utah)=Murray Theater (Murray, Utah)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/S._H._Kress_and_Co._Building_(St._Petersburg,_Florida)=S. H. Kress and Co. Building (St. Petersburg, Florida)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/S._H._Kress_and_Co._Building_(Daytona_Beach,_Florida)=S. H. Kress and Co. Building (Daytona Beach, Florida)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/S._H._Kress_and_Co._Building_(Sarasota,_Florida)=S. H. Kress and Co. Building (Sarasota, Florida)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Mark's_Episcopal_Church_(Haines_City,_Florida)=St. Mark's Episcopal Church (Haines City, Florida)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States_Post_Office_(St._Petersburg,_Florida)=United States Post Office (St. Petersburg, Florida)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carnegie_Library_at_FAMU=Carnegie Library at FAMU
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bradenton_Carnegie_Library=Bradenton Carnegie Library
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quincy_Library=Quincy Library
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dickinson_Memorial_Library_and_Park=Dickinson Memorial Library and Park
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hotel_Richmond=Hotel Richmond
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Westin_Building=Westin Building
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bayterek=Bayterek
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thornbridge_Hall=Thornbridge Hall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/El_Jobean_Post_Office_and_General_Store=El Jobean Post Office and General Store
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A._C._Freeman_House=A. C. Freeman House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Old_First_National_Bank_of_Punta_Gorda=Old First National Bank of Punta Gorda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/H._W._Smith_Building=H. W. Smith Building
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Punta_Gorda_Woman's_Club=Punta Gorda Woman's Club
http://dbpedia.org/resource/U.S._Arsenal-Officers_Quarters=U.S. Arsenal-Officers Quarters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quincy_Woman's_Club=Quincy Woman's Club
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spanish_Fort,_Texas=Spanish Fort, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wells_Fargo_Building_(Philadelphia)=Wells Fargo Building (Philadelphia)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joshua_Davis_House=Joshua Davis House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/E._B._Shelfer_House=E. B. Shelfer House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/E._C._Love_House=E. C. Love House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Lee_McFarlin_House=John Lee McFarlin House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Judge_P._W._White_House=Judge P. W. White House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stockton-Curry_House=Stockton-Curry House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Adderley_House=George Adderley House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Old_Post_Office_and_Customshouse_(Key_West,_Florida)=Old Post Office and Customshouse (Key West, Florida)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Futuna_Chapel=Futuna Chapel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sapieha_Palace,_Warsaw=Sapieha Palace, Warsaw
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thompson_Fish_House,_Turtle_Cannery_and_Kraals=Thompson Fish House, Turtle Cannery and Kraals
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dunham_Tavern=Dunham Tavern
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stade_Bergeyre=Stade Bergeyre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Asa_May_House_(Capps,_Florida)=Asa May House (Capps, Florida)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dennis-Coxetter_House=Dennis-Coxetter House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lloyd-Bond_House=Lloyd-Bond House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Denham-Lacy_House=Denham-Lacy House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Palmer_House_(Monticello,_Florida)=Palmer House (Monticello, Florida)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Palmer-Perkins_House=Palmer-Perkins House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wirick-Simmons_House=Wirick-Simmons House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monticello_High_School_(Florida)=Monticello High School (Florida)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lloyd_Woman's_Club=Lloyd Woman's Club
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Perkins_Opera_House=Perkins Opera House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saint_Paul's_Evangelical_Lutheran_Church_(Fort_Wayne,_Indiana)=Saint Paul's Evangelical Lutheran Church (Fort Wayne, Indiana)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ypsilanti_Water_Tower=Ypsilanti Water Tower
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harvey_Cedars_Bible_Conference=Harvey Cedars Bible Conference
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blue_Harbor_Resort=Blue Harbor Resort
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ames_Building=Ames Building
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Campbell-Christie_House=Campbell-Christie House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/400_West_Market=400 West Market
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_City_Tower=National City Tower
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PNC_Plaza=PNC Plaza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dixmont_State_Hospital=Dixmont State Hospital
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Park_East_Synagogue=Park East Synagogue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Griffith_Quarry=Griffith Quarry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cemil_Topuzlu_Open-Air_Theatre=Cemil Topuzlu Open-Air Theatre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St_George's_Cathedral,_London=St George's Cathedral, London
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_800_Apartments=The 800 Apartments
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Curutchet_House=Curutchet House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chatham_Arch,_Indianapolis=Chatham Arch, Indianapolis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sail_Tower=Sail Tower
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Palacio_Barolo=Palacio Barolo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inland_Steel_Building=Inland Steel Building
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Holy_Trinity_Episcopal_Church_(Fruitland_Park,_Florida)=Holy Trinity Episcopal Church (Fruitland Park, Florida)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Mary's_Episcopal_Church_(Green_Cove_Springs,_Florida)=St. Mary's Episcopal Church (Green Cove Springs, Florida)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Margaret's_Episcopal_Church_and_Cemetery=St. Margaret's Episcopal Church and Cemetery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Gabriel's_Episcopal_Church_(Titusville,_Florida)=St. Gabriel's Episcopal Church (Titusville, Florida)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cornwall_Apartments=Cornwall Apartments
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Grange_Church_and_Cemetery=La Grange Church and Cemetery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Luke's_Episcopal_Church_and_Cemetery_(Courtenay,_Florida)=St. Luke's Episcopal Church and Cemetery (Courtenay, Florida)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/First_Methodist_Episcopal_Church_(Fellsmere,_Florida)=First Methodist Episcopal Church (Fellsmere, Florida)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Etfal_Hospital_Clock_Tower=Etfal Hospital Clock Tower
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sebastian_Grammar_and_Junior_High_School=Sebastian Grammar and Junior High School
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Old_Palmetto_Hotel=Old Palmetto Hotel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Farmar_Mill=Farmar Mill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Minnesota_State_Public_School_for_Dependent_and_Neglected_Children=Minnesota State Public School for Dependent and Neglected Children
http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_Main_District,_Louisville=West Main District, Louisville
http://dbpedia.org/resource/African_American_Museum_and_Library_at_Oakland=African American Museum and Library at Oakland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Bedford_Cinema=New Bedford Cinema
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Havana_Water_Tower=Havana Water Tower
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quaker_Manor_House=Quaker Manor House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nyberg-Swanson_House=Nyberg-Swanson House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stranahan_House=Stranahan House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hallstrom_House=Hallstrom House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Judge_Henry_F._Gregory_House=Judge Henry F. Gregory House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moses_J._Taylor_House=Moses J. Taylor House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gamla_Riksarkivet=Gamla Riksarkivet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bamma_Vickers_Lawson_House=Bamma Vickers Lawson House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Willimantic_Footbridge=Willimantic Footbridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hollywood_Woman's_Club=Hollywood Woman's Club
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ladies_Delight_Light=Ladies Delight Light
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Central_Instrumentation_Facility=Central Instrumentation Facility
http://dbpedia.org/resource/KSC_Headquarters_Building=KSC Headquarters Building
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Operations_and_Checkout_Building=Operations and Checkout Building
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maher_Building=Maher Building
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pueblo_Arcade=Pueblo Arcade
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theodore_Hausmann_Estate=Theodore Hausmann Estate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Old_Vero_Beach_Community_Building=Old Vero Beach Community Building
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vero_Beach_Diesel_Power_Plant=Vero Beach Diesel Power Plant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vero_Beach_Woman's_Club=Vero Beach Woman's Club
http://dbpedia.org/resource/First_United_Methodist_Church_of_Umatilla=First United Methodist Church of Umatilla
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gate_to_the_East=Gate to the East
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ebenezer,_Georgia=Ebenezer, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elms_Hotel_(Excelsior_Springs,_Missouri)=Elms Hotel (Excelsior Springs, Missouri)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oxmoor_Farm=Oxmoor Farm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stratford_Springs=Stratford Springs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Massachusetts_Historical_Society=Massachusetts Historical Society
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albany_Crown_Tower=Albany Crown Tower
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eleazer_Arnold_House=Eleazer Arnold House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tourist_Church=Tourist Church
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grace_Episcopal_Church_and_Guild_Hall_(Port_Orange,_Florida)=Grace Episcopal Church and Guild Hall (Port Orange, Florida)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ocoee_Christian_Church_(Ocoee,_Florida)=Ocoee Christian Church (Ocoee, Florida)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._John's_Baptist_Church_(Miami,_Florida)=St. John's Baptist Church (Miami, Florida)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._George_Episcopal_Church_(Jacksonville)=St. George Episcopal Church (Jacksonville)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Riverside_Baptist_Church=Riverside Baptist Church
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harbor_Point_(skyscraper)=Harbor Point (skyscraper)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kingsley_Plantation=Kingsley Plantation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Union_School_(Fort_Washington,_Pennsylvania)=Union School (Fort Washington, Pennsylvania)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Schultz_Building=Schultz Building
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Breakers_(hotel)=The Breakers (hotel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dixie_Walesbilt_Hotel=Dixie Walesbilt Hotel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Skatteskrapan=Skatteskrapan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vinoy_Park_Hotel=Vinoy Park Hotel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Engine_Shed_(theatre)=Engine Shed (theatre)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Old_Union_Depot_Hotel=Old Union Depot Hotel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Well'sbuilt_Hotel=Well'sbuilt Hotel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edwin_M._Stanton_School_(Jacksonville)=Edwin M. Stanton School (Jacksonville)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sezincote_House=Sezincote House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ransom_School_%22Pagoda%22=Ransom School "Pagoda"
http://dbpedia.org/resource/General_Motors_Technical_Center=General Motors Technical Center
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Central_Avenue_School_(Lakeland,_Florida)=Central Avenue School (Lakeland, Florida)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Old_Lutz_Elementary_School=Old Lutz Elementary School
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alva_Consolidated_Schools=Alva Consolidated Schools
http://dbpedia.org/resource/J._Colin_English_School=J. Colin English School
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Old_Tarpon_Springs_High_School=Old Tarpon Springs High School
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barberville_Central_High_School=Barberville Central High School
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Old_Central_Grammar_School=Old Central Grammar School
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Casa_De_Josefina=Casa De Josefina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keith-Albee_Theatre=Keith-Albee Theatre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fountain_Studios=Fountain Studios
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alderman_House=Alderman House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_James_Audubon_State_Park=John James Audubon State Park
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Casa_Rio=Casa Rio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fort_Richardson_(Texas)=Fort Richardson (Texas)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Withers-Maguire_House=Withers-Maguire House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brelsford_House=Brelsford House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Safford_House=Safford House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fred_C._Aiken_House=Fred C. Aiken House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_and_Elizabeth_Shaw_Sundy_House=John and Elizabeth Shaw Sundy House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ephriam_M._Baynard_House=Ephriam M. Baynard House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benjamin_Franklin_Holland_House=Benjamin Franklin Holland House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_J._Swearingen_House=John J. Swearingen House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amos_Kling_House=Amos Kling House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis_P._Thursby_House=Louis P. Thursby House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_B._Stetson_House=John B. Stetson House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ann_Stevens_House=Ann Stevens House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/55_Public_Square=55 Public Square
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nexen_Building,_Calgary=Nexen Building, Calgary
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Florida_Baptist_Building=Florida Baptist Building
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mandarin_Store_and_Post_Office=Mandarin Store and Post Office
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buckman_and_Ulmer_Building=Buckman and Ulmer Building
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Groover-Stewart_Drug_Company_Building=Groover-Stewart Drug Company Building
http://dbpedia.org/resource/South_Atlantic_Investment_Corporation_Building=South Atlantic Investment Corporation Building
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Standard_Oil_Service_Station=Standard Oil Service Station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bay_Isle_Commercial_Building=Bay Isle Commercial Building
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Palace_of_Florence_Apartments=Palace of Florence Apartments
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tampa_City_Hall=Tampa City Hall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kentucky_Camp,_Arizona=Kentucky Camp, Arizona
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bill_Gates's_house=Bill Gates's house
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ashcroft,_Colorado=Ashcroft, Colorado
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marina_Bay_Financial_Centre=Marina Bay Financial Centre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Somerset_Mall_(South_Africa)=Somerset Mall (South Africa)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cal_Palmer_Memorial_Building=Cal Palmer Memorial Building
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Windermere_Town_Hall=Windermere Town Hall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coral_Gables_City_Hall=Coral Gables City Hall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Anderson_General_Merchandise_Store=William Anderson General Merchandise Store
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grand_Concourse_Apartments=Grand Concourse Apartments
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beth_Jacob_Social_Hall_and_Congregation=Beth Jacob Social Hall and Congregation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raj_Bhavan_(Tripura)=Raj Bhavan (Tripura)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crescent_Bay,_Karachi=Crescent Bay, Karachi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Retreat_Building=The Retreat Building
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rashtrapati_Nilayam=Rashtrapati Nilayam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Administration_Buildings_(Boca_Raton,_Florida)=Administration Buildings (Boca Raton, Florida)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Comeau_Building=Comeau Building
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boca_Raton_Old_City_Hall=Boca Raton Old City Hall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Milton-Myers_American_Legion_Post_No._65=Milton-Myers American Legion Post No. 65
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hatch's_Department_Store=Hatch's Department Store
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_N._Cretekos_(Sponge_Diving_Boat)=George N. Cretekos (Sponge Diving Boat)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DeLand_Hall=DeLand Hall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Avaz_Twist_Tower=Avaz Twist Tower
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adam_Keeling_House=Adam Keeling House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daytona_Beach_Bandshell=Daytona Beach Bandshell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_W._Marshall_House=James W. Marshall House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Woman's_Club_of_New_Smyrna=Woman's Club of New Smyrna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Holly_Hill_Municipal_Building=Holly Hill Municipal Building
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DeBary_Hall=DeBary Hall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quarai=Quarai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tinker_Building=Tinker Building
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oates_Building=Oates Building
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frances_Langford_Promenade=Frances Langford Promenade
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Woman's_Club_of_Tallahassee=Woman's Club of Tallahassee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/City_Waterworks,_Sarasota=City Waterworks, Sarasota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crisp_Building=Crisp Building
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sarasota_Woman's_Club=Sarasota Woman's Club
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Congress_Building=The Congress Building
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walgreen_Drug_Store_(Miami,_Florida)=Walgreen Drug Store (Miami, Florida)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trinity_Episcopal_Cathedral_(Miami)=Trinity Episcopal Cathedral (Miami)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfred_I._DuPont_Building=Alfred I. DuPont Building
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Noosa_Civic=Noosa Civic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cathedral_of_the_Blessed_Sacrament_(Altoona,_Pennsylvania)=Cathedral of the Blessed Sacrament (Altoona, Pennsylvania)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scotchtown_(plantation)=Scotchtown (plantation)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zilkale=Zilkale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Church_of_the_Holy_Spirit_(Lake_Wales,_Florida)=Church of the Holy Spirit (Lake Wales, Florida)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_SeaGate=One SeaGate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/First_Interstate_Center=First Interstate Center
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Addison_Baptist_Church=Addison Baptist Church
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iwate_Museum_of_Art=Iwate Museum of Art
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Epping_Forest_(Jacksonville)=Epping Forest (Jacksonville)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Andrew's_Episcopal_Church_(Jacksonville)=St. Andrew's Episcopal Church (Jacksonville)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hutchinson_House_(Tampa,_Florida)=Hutchinson House (Tampa, Florida)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lewis_House_(Tallahassee,_Florida)=Lewis House (Tallahassee, Florida)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Old_People's_Home_(Tampa,_Florida)=Old People's Home (Tampa, Florida)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Covington_House_(Tallahassee,_Florida)=Covington House (Tallahassee, Florida)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/First_Presbyterian_Church_(Tallahassee,_Florida)=First Presbyterian Church (Tallahassee, Florida)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_Saints_Episcopal_Church_(Winter_Park,_Florida)=All Saints Episcopal Church (Winter Park, Florida)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._John's_Episcopal_Church_(Tallahassee,_Florida)=St. John's Episcopal Church (Tallahassee, Florida)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norton_House_(West_Palm_Beach,_Florida)=Norton House (West Palm Beach, Florida)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christ_Church_(Episcopal),_Fort_Meade,_Florida=Christ Church (Episcopal), Fort Meade, Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ingleside_(Safety_Harbor,_Florida)=Ingleside (Safety Harbor, Florida)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rogers_House_(Daytona_Beach,_Florida)=Rogers House (Daytona Beach, Florida)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/First_Church_of_Christ,_Scientist_(Orlando,_Florida)=First Church of Christ, Scientist (Orlando, Florida)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/City_National_Bank_Building_(Miami,_Florida)=City National Bank Building (Miami, Florida)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fire_Station_No._2_(Miami,_Florida)=Fire Station No. 2 (Miami, Florida)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fire_Station_No._4_(Miami,_Florida)=Fire Station No. 4 (Miami, Florida)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Central_Baptist_Church_(Miami,_Florida)=Central Baptist Church (Miami, Florida)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emerson_Bromo-Seltzer_Tower=Emerson Bromo-Seltzer Tower
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sutton_Coldfield_Town_Hall=Sutton Coldfield Town Hall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Belaire_Apartments=Belaire Apartments
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Long_Ta=Long Ta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Worldport_(Pan_Am)=Worldport (Pan Am)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shangri-La_Kuala_Lumpur=Shangri-La Kuala Lumpur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I360=I360
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Basilica_of_Sant'Ambrogio=Basilica of Sant'Ambrogio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_F._Cox_Grammar_School=John F. Cox Grammar School
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Council_House,_Perth=Council House, Perth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Leiper_Estate=Thomas Leiper Estate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Field_Building_(Chicago)=Field Building (Chicago)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fort_Abercrombie=Fort Abercrombie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fullerton_Transportation_Center=Fullerton Transportation Center
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Olds,_Wortman_&_King=Olds, Wortman & King
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monsoon_Palace=Monsoon Palace
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Powell_Library=Powell Library
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philosophy_Hall=Philosophy Hall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chicago_Club=Chicago Club
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rose_Seidler_House=Rose Seidler House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/State_Insurance_Building=State Insurance Building
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michigan_Governor's_Mansion=Michigan Governor's Mansion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fa'side_Castle=Fa'side Castle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Times_Tower=Times Tower
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stumphouse_Mountain_Tunnel=Stumphouse Mountain Tunnel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/City_Tower,_Manchester=City Tower, Manchester
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Florida_Gymnasium=Florida Gymnasium
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mall_at_Mill_Creek=The Mall at Mill Creek
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Duffy_Square=Duffy Square
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Confucius_Plaza=Confucius Plaza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Palace_of_Peace_and_Reconciliation=Palace of Peace and Reconciliation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Western_Federation_of_Miners_union_hall=Western Federation of Miners union hall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hunt-Morgan_House=Hunt-Morgan House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dome_Cinema,_Worthing=Dome Cinema, Worthing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Belton_Chalets=Belton Chalets
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Main_Street_Armory=Main Street Armory
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lewis_Round_Barn=Lewis Round Barn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Magnolia_Manor_(Cairo,_Illinois)=Magnolia Manor (Cairo, Illinois)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pettit_Memorial_Chapel=Pettit Memorial Chapel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/San_Antonio_Station=San Antonio Station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Normal_Theater=Normal Theater
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beavertail_Lighthouse=Beavertail Lighthouse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Astronomical_Observatory_(University_of_Illinois_at_Urbana-Champaign)=Astronomical Observatory (University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kirby's_Mill=Kirby's Mill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beardstown_Grand_Opera_House=Beardstown Grand Opera House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kincaid_Towers=Kincaid Towers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stacy's_Tavern=Stacy's Tavern
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kitchell_Park=Kitchell Park
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Little_Brick_House=Little Brick House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Rubidoux_Manor=Mount Rubidoux Manor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rahimtulla_Tower=Rahimtulla Tower
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Magnolia_Plantation_and_Gardens_(Charleston,_South_Carolina)=Magnolia Plantation and Gardens (Charleston, South Carolina)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laurel_(Amtrak_station)=Laurel (Amtrak station)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Slidell_(Amtrak_station)=Slidell (Amtrak station)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harlem_River_Houses=Harlem River Houses
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Auckland_Civic_Theatre=Auckland Civic Theatre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Col._Crawford_Burn_Site_Monument=Col. Crawford Burn Site Monument
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tweed_Courthouse=Tweed Courthouse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paseo_YMCA=Paseo YMCA
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paris_Carnegie_Public_Library=Paris Carnegie Public Library
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paxton_Carnegie_Public_Library=Paxton Carnegie Public Library
http://dbpedia.org/resource/McLean_County_Courthouse_and_Square=McLean County Courthouse and Square
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lane_University=Lane University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bowman's_Castle=Bowman's Castle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lexington_Financial_Center=Lexington Financial Center
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Old_Stone_Church_(Cleveland,_Ohio)=Old Stone Church (Cleveland, Ohio)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_F._Cates_House=John F. Cates House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Holly_Grove_Plantation_House=Holly Grove Plantation House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/College_Hill_Presbyterian_Church=College Hill Presbyterian Church
http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_Burial_Ground=North Burial Ground
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bagdad_Theatre=Bagdad Theatre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Park_Seminary=National Park Seminary
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miami_High_School=Miami High School
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Teviot_Row_House=Teviot Row House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Standard_Oil_Gasoline_Station_(Odell,_Illinois)=Standard Oil Gasoline Station (Odell, Illinois)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Abbey,_Charlton_Adam=The Abbey, Charlton Adam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peoria_State_Hospital=Peoria State Hospital
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bitexco_Financial_Tower=Bitexco Financial Tower
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Welbeck_Abbey=Welbeck Abbey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seventh_Regiment_Armory=Seventh Regiment Armory
http://dbpedia.org/resource/69th_Regiment_Armory=69th Regiment Armory
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tarragona_Tower=Tarragona Tower
http://dbpedia.org/resource/South_Jacksonville_Grammar_School=South Jacksonville Grammar School
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rosemary_Cemetery=Rosemary Cemetery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sanderling_Beach_Club=Sanderling Beach Club
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Severn_Bridge_Junction=Severn Bridge Junction
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lambs=The Lambs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meadow_Marsh=Meadow Marsh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isaac_Gardner,_Sr.,_House=Isaac Gardner, Sr., House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ocean_Spray_Hotel=Ocean Spray Hotel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Delos_A._Blodgett_House=Delos A. Blodgett House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Palm_Beach_Town_Hall=Palm Beach Town Hall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Illinois_National_Guard_Armory_(Rockford)=Illinois National Guard Armory (Rockford)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eastover_(Manalapan,_Florida)=Eastover (Manalapan, Florida)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richardson_House_(Bradenton,_Florida)=Richardson House (Bradenton, Florida)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kai_Tak_Cruise_Terminal=Kai Tak Cruise Terminal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peotone_Mill=Peotone Mill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfred_Denny_Building=Alfred Denny Building
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leaside_Towers=Leaside Towers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phelps_Mansion=Phelps Mansion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Student_Union_(Oklahoma_State_University)=Student Union (Oklahoma State University)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cockroach_Key=Cockroach Key
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oakwood_Cemetery_(Syracuse,_New_York)=Oakwood Cemetery (Syracuse, New York)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Taylor_(Florida)=Mount Taylor (Florida)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pico_House=Pico House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Teapot_Dome_Service_Station=Teapot Dome Service Station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benewah_Milk_Bottle=Benewah Milk Bottle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Illini_Union=Illini Union
