http://dbpedia.org/resource/Twinkle_Twinkle_Little_Star=Twinkle Twinkle Little Star
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flower_of_Scotland=Flower of Scotland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colonel_Bogey_March=Colonel Bogey March
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Happy_Birthday_to_You=Happy Birthday to You
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hitler_Has_Only_Got_One_Ball=Hitler Has Only Got One Ball
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lucy_in_the_Sky_with_Diamonds=Lucy in the Sky with Diamonds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yesterday_(Beatles_song)=Yesterday (Beatles song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Being_for_the_Benefit_of_Mr._Kite!=Being for the Benefit of Mr. Kite!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Day_in_the_Life=A Day in the Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/With_a_Little_Help_from_My_Friends=With a Little Help from My Friends
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Desolation_Row=Desolation Row
http://dbpedia.org/resource/God_Bless_America=God Bless America
http://dbpedia.org/resource/When_My_Baby_Smiles_at_Me_(song)=When My Baby Smiles at Me (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Battle_of_Evermore=The Battle of Evermore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angel_of_Death_(Slayer_song)=Angel of Death (Slayer song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/War_Pigs=War Pigs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stairway_to_Heaven=Stairway to Heaven
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norwegian_Wood_(This_Bird_Has_Flown)=Norwegian Wood (This Bird Has Flown)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Washington_Bullets_(song)=Washington Bullets (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/You'll_Never_Walk_Alone=You'll Never Walk Alone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dazed_and_Confused_(song)=Dazed and Confused (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Time_Warp_(song)=Time Warp (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I'm_a_Little_Teapot=I'm a Little Teapot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pedro_Navaja=Pedro Navaja
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kumbaya=Kumbaya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/For_No_One=For No One
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Here,_There_and_Everywhere=Here, There and Everywhere
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bewitched,_Bothered_and_Bewildered=Bewitched, Bothered and Bewildered
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barbara_Allen_(song)=Barbara Allen (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shine_On_You_Crazy_Diamond=Shine On You Crazy Diamond
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Echoes_(Pink_Floyd_song)=Echoes (Pink Floyd song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chinese_Rocks=Chinese Rocks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Back_in_the_U.S.S.R.=Back in the U.S.S.R.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Saucerful_of_Secrets_(song)=A Saucerful of Secrets (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Over_the_Rainbow=Over the Rainbow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hats_Off_to_(Roy)_Harper=Hats Off to (Roy) Harper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mor_lam_sing=Mor lam sing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Without_You_(Badfinger_song)=Without You (Badfinger song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Home_on_the_Range=Home on the Range
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Potato_Head_Blues=Potato Head Blues
http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_End_Blues=West End Blues
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sheep_(song)=Sheep (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ballet_for_a_Girl_in_Buchannon=Ballet for a Girl in Buchannon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alice's_Restaurant=Alice's Restaurant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moon_River=Moon River
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Necromancer_(song)=The Necromancer (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/When_I'm_Sixty-Four=When I'm Sixty-Four
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chattanooga_Choo_Choo=Chattanooga Choo Choo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fly_Me_to_the_Moon=Fly Me to the Moon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Great_Gig_in_the_Sky=The Great Gig in the Sky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Helter_Skelter_(song)=Helter Skelter (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Nation_Once_Again=A Nation Once Again
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Katyusha_(song)=Katyusha (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Imaste_dio=Imaste dio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zorbas=Zorbas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mr._Tambourine_Man=Mr. Tambourine Man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goodbye_Horses=Goodbye Horses
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Poor_Poor_Pitiful_Me=Poor Poor Pitiful Me
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Want_to_Be_a_Cowboy's_Sweetheart=I Want to Be a Cowboy's Sweetheart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stalin_Wasn't_Stallin'=Stalin Wasn't Stallin'
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_las_Barricadas=A las Barricadas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michelle_(song)=Michelle (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Girl_from_Ipanema=The Girl from Ipanema
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sumer_Is_Icumen_In=Sumer Is Icumen In
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Stars_and_Stripes_Forever=The Stars and Stripes Forever
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lord_Randall=Lord Randall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/This_Land_Is_Your_Land=This Land Is Your Land
http://dbpedia.org/resource/It_Ain't_Me_Babe=It Ain't Me Babe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Itsy_Bitsy_Spider=Itsy Bitsy Spider
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rammstein_(song)=Rammstein (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Debra_(song)=Debra (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Way=My Way
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Woodstock_(song)=Woodstock (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/How_Do_You_Sleep%3F_(John_Lennon_song)=How Do You Sleep? (John Lennon song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pancho_and_Lefty=Pancho and Lefty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/To_Anacreon_in_Heaven=To Anacreon in Heaven
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christmas_Is_Coming=Christmas Is Coming
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carnival_Road_March=Carnival Road March
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sympathy_for_the_Devil=Sympathy for the Devil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blind_Willie_McTell_(song)=Blind Willie McTell (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taxman=Taxman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Be_Thou_My_Vision=Be Thou My Vision
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hawaii_Aloha=Hawaii Aloha
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Getting_Better=Getting Better
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Minnie_the_Moocher=Minnie the Moocher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Fought_the_Law=I Fought the Law
http://dbpedia.org/resource/While_My_Guitar_Gently_Weeps=While My Guitar Gently Weeps
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Idioteque=Idioteque
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guantanamera=Guantanamera
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Linus_and_Lucy=Linus and Lucy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/You're_a_Grand_Old_Flag=You're a Grand Old Flag
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ol'_Man_River=Ol' Man River
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Another_Brick_in_the_Wall=Another Brick in the Wall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mo_Li_Hua=Mo Li Hua
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frosty_the_Snowman=Frosty the Snowman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_O'Dreams=John O'Dreams
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lyke-Wake_Dirge=Lyke-Wake Dirge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/When_Irish_Eyes_Are_Smiling=When Irish Eyes Are Smiling
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Going_to_California=Going to California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/We_Three_Kings=We Three Kings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hark!_The_Herald_Angels_Sing=Hark! The Herald Angels Sing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goodnight,_Irene=Goodnight, Irene
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mosh_(song)=Mosh (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kashmir_(song)=Kashmir (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bengali_in_Platforms=Bengali in Platforms
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Suspicious_Minds=Suspicious Minds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blame_Canada=Blame Canada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I'm_Henery_the_Eighth,_I_Am=I'm Henery the Eighth, I Am
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lonesome_Death_of_Hattie_Carroll=The Lonesome Death of Hattie Carroll
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fade_to_Black_(song)=Fade to Black (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Faccetta_Nera=Faccetta Nera
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_a_World_Gone_Mad=In a World Gone Mad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/That's_What_Friends_Are_For=That's What Friends Are For
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Can't_Buy_Me_Love=Can't Buy Me Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Drain_You=Drain You
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chimes_of_Freedom_(song)=Chimes of Freedom (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Needle_and_the_Damage_Done=The Needle and the Damage Done
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Not_Fade_Away_(song)=Not Fade Away (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Little_Wing=Little Wing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Battle_Cry_of_Freedom=Battle Cry of Freedom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Particle_Man=Particle Man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/O_Tannenbaum=O Tannenbaum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sadi_Moma=Sadi Moma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harry_Hood_(song)=Harry Hood (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colors_of_the_Wind=Colors of the Wind
http://dbpedia.org/resource/'S_gibt_nur_a_Kaiserstadt,_'s_gibt_nur_a_Wien!='S gibt nur a Kaiserstadt, 's gibt nur a Wien!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lagunen-Walzer=Lagunen-Walzer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Danny_Boy=Danny Boy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Something_in_the_Way=Something in the Way
http://dbpedia.org/resource/On_a_Plain=On a Plain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dumb_(Nirvana_song)=Dumb (Nirvana song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Have_Yourself_a_Merry_Little_Christmas=Have Yourself a Merry Little Christmas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I'm_Only_Sleeping=I'm Only Sleeping
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edelweiss_(song)=Edelweiss (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/You_Won't_See_Me=You Won't See Me
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I've_Got_a_Feeling=I've Got a Feeling
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nowhere_Man_(song)=Nowhere Man (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/What_Goes_On_(Beatles_song)=What Goes On (Beatles song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/And_Your_Bird_Can_Sing=And Your Bird Can Sing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alabama_Song=Alabama Song
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Think_for_Yourself=Think for Yourself
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wait_(Beatles_song)=Wait (Beatles song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Little_Martha=Little Martha
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Cory_(song)=Richard Cory (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Case_of_You=A Case of You
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Suzanne_(Leonard_Cohen_song)=Suzanne (Leonard Cohen song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/4th_Time_Around=4th Time Around
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Career_Opportunities_(song)=Career Opportunities (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Because_(Beatles_song)=Because (Beatles song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/She's_the_One_(World_Party_song)=She's the One (World Party song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Real_Love_(The_Beatles_song)=Real Love (The Beatles song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/California,_Here_I_Come=California, Here I Come
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Back_Pages=My Back Pages
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alouette_(song)=Alouette (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mountain_Jam=Mountain Jam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Me_Mine=I Me Mine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Revolution_9=Revolution 9
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Song_Remains_the_Same_(song)=The Song Remains the Same (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sweet_Georgia_Brown=Sweet Georgia Brown
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Polythene_Pam=Polythene Pam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Who_Threw_the_Overalls_in_Mrs._Murphy's_Chowder=Who Threw the Overalls in Mrs. Murphy's Chowder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Within_You_Without_You=Within You Without You
http://dbpedia.org/resource/She_Came_In_Through_the_Bathroom_Window=She Came In Through the Bathroom Window
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mr._Brownstone=Mr. Brownstone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Place_to_Stand,_a_Place_to_Grow=A Place to Stand, a Place to Grow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Her_Majesty_(song)=Her Majesty (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mean_Mr._Mustard=Mean Mr. Mustard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maxwell's_Silver_Hammer=Maxwell's Silver Hammer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thunder_Road_(song)=Thunder Road (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Low_Spark_of_High_Heeled_Boys_(song)=The Low Spark of High Heeled Boys (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moby_Dick_(instrumental)=Moby Dick (instrumental)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Two_of_Us_(song)=Two of Us (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boulevard_of_Broken_Songs=Boulevard of Broken Songs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Boy_I_Love_is_Up_in_the_Gallery=The Boy I Love is Up in the Gallery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atom_Heart_Mother_(suite)=Atom Heart Mother (suite)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theme_from_New_York,_New_York=Theme from New York, New York
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fairy_Feller's_Master-Stroke=The Fairy Feller's Master-Stroke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fables_of_Faubus=Fables of Faubus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Six_Strings_Down=Six Strings Down
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Salma_Ya_Salama=Salma Ya Salama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blackbird_(Beatles_song)=Blackbird (Beatles song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spanish_Bombs=Spanish Bombs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Town_I_Loved_So_Well=The Town I Loved So Well
http://dbpedia.org/resource/You_Are_My_Sunshine=You Are My Sunshine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/For_Whom_the_Bell_Tolls_(Metallica_song)=For Whom the Bell Tolls (Metallica song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_National_Anthem_(song)=The National Anthem (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daisy_Bell=Daisy Bell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giant_Steps_(composition)=Giant Steps (composition)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Celebration_of_the_Lizard=Celebration of the Lizard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Trial_(song)=The Trial (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yer_Blues=Yer Blues
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_End_(The_Doors_song)=The End (The Doors song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_End_(Beatles_song)=The End (Beatles song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boogie_with_Stu=Boogie with Stu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Babe_I'm_Gonna_Leave_You=Babe I'm Gonna Leave You
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Your_Time_Is_Gonna_Come=Your Time Is Gonna Come
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Across_the_Universe=Across the Universe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eruption_(instrumental)=Eruption (instrumental)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Castellorizon=Castellorizon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boulevard_of_Broken_Dreams_(Al_Dubin_song)=Boulevard of Broken Dreams (Al Dubin song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/N.I.B.=N.I.B.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Distant_Lover=Distant Lover
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Happiness_Is_a_Warm_Gun=Happiness Is a Warm Gun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fuck_tha_Police=Fuck tha Police
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mickey_(song)=Mickey (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carry_Me_Back_to_Old_Virginny=Carry Me Back to Old Virginny
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Quick_One,_While_He's_Away=A Quick One, While He's Away
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Death_Cab_for_Cutie_(song)=Death Cab for Cutie (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cleveland_Rocks=Cleveland Rocks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Empty_Spaces=Empty Spaces
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Achilles_Last_Stand=Achilles Last Stand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Southern_Man=Southern Man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nebraska_(song)=Nebraska (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Veteran_of_the_Psychic_Wars=Veteran of the Psychic Wars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Watching_Rainbows=Watching Rainbows
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Since_I've_Been_Loving_You=Since I've Been Loving You
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Just_to_Keep_You_Satisfied=Just to Keep You Satisfied
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peace_Frog=Peace Frog
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Travelling_Riverside_Blues=Travelling Riverside Blues
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Little_Green_(song)=Little Green (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dear_Mr._Fantasy=Dear Mr. Fantasy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ether_(song)=Ether (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Drive_My_Car=Drive My Car
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Simple_Gifts=Simple Gifts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Highway_Star_(song)=Highway Star (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_Buzz=Love Buzz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Do_the_Evolution=Do the Evolution
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Whole_New_World=A Whole New World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_the_Flesh%3F=In the Flesh?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blue_Moon_(1934_song)=Blue Moon (1934 song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rainbow_Connection=Rainbow Connection
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hit_'Em_Up=Hit 'Em Up
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Takeover_(song)=Takeover (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Several_Species_of_Small_Furry_Animals_Gathered_Together_in_a_Cave_and_Grooving_with_a_Pict=Several Species of Small Furry Animals Gathered Together in a Cave and Grooving with a Pict
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Homecoming_Queen's_Got_a_Gun=The Homecoming Queen's Got a Gun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strangers_in_the_Night=Strangers in the Night
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Man_Who_Sold_the_World=The Man Who Sold the World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/He_(song)=He (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Around_the_World_(1956_song)=Around the World (1956 song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saletova_Osveta=Saletova Osveta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beer_Barrel_Polka=Beer Barrel Polka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_in_a_Million_(Guns_N'_Roses_song)=One in a Million (Guns N' Roses song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tomorrow_Never_Knows=Tomorrow Never Knows
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Honeycomb_(song)=Honeycomb (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cocktails_for_Two=Cocktails for Two
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walkin'_My_Baby_Back_Home_(song)=Walkin' My Baby Back Home (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Haru_no_Umi=Haru no Umi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Hard_Rain's_a-Gonna_Fall=A Hard Rain's a-Gonna Fall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bein'_Green=Bein' Green
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cymbaline=Cymbaline
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maltese_Calypso=Maltese Calypso
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Smile_(Charlie_Chaplin_song)=Smile (Charlie Chaplin song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pigs_(Three_Different_Ones)=Pigs (Three Different Ones)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_song=Love song
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Want_You_(She's_So_Heavy)=I Want You (She's So Heavy)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hey_There=Hey There
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mambo_No._5=Mambo No. 5
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Air_That_I_Breathe=The Air That I Breathe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Blossom_Fell=A Blossom Fell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Honey_Pie=Honey Pie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Answer_Me,_My_Love=Answer Me, My Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cross_Over_the_Bridge=Cross Over the Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crickets_Sing_for_Anamaria=Crickets Sing for Anamaria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daddy_(Korn_song)=Daddy (Korn song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Auf_Wiederseh'n_Sweetheart=Auf Wiederseh'n Sweetheart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lover_(song)=Lover (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Night_and_Day_(song)=Night and Day (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jamaica_Farewell=Jamaica Farewell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tarkus_(song)=Tarkus (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Interstellar_Overdrive=Interstellar Overdrive
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Autumn_Leaves_(song)=Autumn Leaves (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hit_the_Road_to_Dreamland=Hit the Road to Dreamland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_Sabbath_(song)=Black Sabbath (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sweet_Leaf=Sweet Leaf
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Five_to_One=Five to One
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Delicado=Delicado
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lullaby_of_Birdland=Lullaby of Birdland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hernando's_Hideaway=Hernando's Hideaway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Guy_Is_a_Guy=A Guy Is a Guy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Welcome_to_the_Machine=Welcome to the Machine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Power_of_Four=The Power of Four
http://dbpedia.org/resource/53rd_&_3rd=53rd & 3rd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Some_Enchanted_Evening=Some Enchanted Evening
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blue_Room_(1926_song)=Blue Room (1926 song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Negative_Creep=Negative Creep
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Feel_for_You=I Feel for You
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Can_Anyone_Explain%3F_(No!_No!_No!)=Can Anyone Explain? (No! No! No!)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marianne_(Terry_Gilkyson_song)=Marianne (Terry Gilkyson song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madame_George=Madame George
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Polly_(song)=Polly (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heartbreaker_(Led_Zeppelin_song)=Heartbreaker (Led Zeppelin song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Changes_(Black_Sabbath_song)=Changes (Black Sabbath song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/What_Child_Is_This%3F=What Child Is This?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glendora_(song)=Glendora (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Home_for_the_Holidays_(song)=Home for the Holidays (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/No_Quarter_(song)=No Quarter (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cry_Me_a_River=Cry Me a River
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Savoy_Truffle=Savoy Truffle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_Mountain_Side=Black Mountain Side
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ogre_Battle_(song)=Ogre Battle (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nevermore_(song)=Nevermore (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Temptation_(1933_song)=Temptation (1933 song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carnival_of_Light=Carnival of Light
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Suffer_Little_Children=Suffer Little Children
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dear_Old_Stockholm=Dear Old Stockholm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Visions_of_Johanna=Visions of Johanna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Let_the_Eagle_Soar=Let the Eagle Soar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heaven_and_Hell_(Black_Sabbath_song)=Heaven and Hell (Black Sabbath song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_(Pearl_Jam_song)=Black (Pearl Jam song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Believe_(1953_song)=I Believe (1953 song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Putting_the_Damage_On=Putting the Damage On
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Octopus's_Garden=Octopus's Garden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hawaiian_War_Chant=Hawaiian War Chant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bali_Ha'i=Bali Ha'i
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sun_King_(song)=Sun King (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/No_Other_Love_(1953_song)=No Other Love (1953 song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sad_Eyed_Lady_of_the_Lowlands=Sad Eyed Lady of the Lowlands
http://dbpedia.org/resource/On_the_Banks_of_the_Wabash,_Far_Away=On the Banks of the Wabash, Far Away
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Changing_Partners=Changing Partners
http://dbpedia.org/resource/White_Summer=White Summer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sappy=Sappy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isn't_She_Lovely=Isn't She Lovely
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friend_of_the_Devil=Friend of the Devil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Word_(song)=The Word (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Things_Goin'_On=Things Goin' On
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hold_My_Hand_(1953_song)=Hold My Hand (1953 song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beyond_the_Sea_(song)=Beyond the Sea (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Birthday_(Beatles_song)=Birthday (Beatles song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Have_You_Heard%3F=Have You Heard?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_of_My_Life_(Queen_song)=Love of My Life (Queen song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Young_at_Heart_(Frank_Sinatra_song)=Young at Heart (Frank Sinatra song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Rover_(song)=The Rover (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mary_Hamilton=Mary Hamilton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silver_Dagger_(song)=Silver Dagger (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deportee_(Plane_Wreck_at_Los_Gatos)=Deportee (Plane Wreck at Los Gatos)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fairies_Wear_Boots=Fairies Wear Boots
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Planet_Caravan=Planet Caravan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dirge=Dirge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/She's_Lost_Control=She's Lost Control
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cherry_Pink_(and_Apple_Blossom_White)=Cherry Pink (and Apple Blossom White)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Corporal_Clegg=Corporal Clegg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Duffy's_Cut=Duffy's Cut
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bounce_Your_Boobies=Bounce Your Boobies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/It's_Almost_Tomorrow=It's Almost Tomorrow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mucky_Fingers=Mucky Fingers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Motorhead_(song)=Motorhead (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Giant_(song)=The Giant (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Poor_Boy_Blues=Poor Boy Blues
http://dbpedia.org/resource/You_Can't_Do_That=You Can't Do That
http://dbpedia.org/resource/You've_Got_to_Hide_Your_Love_Away=You've Got to Hide Your Love Away
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dig_a_Pony=Dig a Pony
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_After_909=One After 909
http://dbpedia.org/resource/You_Never_Give_Me_Your_Money=You Never Give Me Your Money
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carry_That_Weight=Carry That Weight
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glass_Onion=Glass Onion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dear_Prudence=Dear Prudence
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lukey's_Boat=Lukey's Boat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wild_Honey_Pie=Wild Honey Pie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Continuing_Story_of_Bungalow_Bill=The Continuing Story of Bungalow Bill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martha_My_Dear=Martha My Dear
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I'm_So_Tired=I'm So Tired
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Piggies=Piggies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rocky_Raccoon=Rocky Raccoon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don't_Pass_Me_By=Don't Pass Me By
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Will=I Will
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mother_Nature's_Son=Mother Nature's Son
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Why_Don't_We_Do_It_in_the_Road%3F=Why Don't We Do It in the Road?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Everybody's_Got_Something_to_Hide_Except_Me_and_My_Monkey=Everybody's Got Something to Hide Except Me and My Monkey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sexy_Sadie=Sexy Sadie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cry_Baby_Cry=Cry Baby Cry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Long,_Long,_Long=Long, Long, Long
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flying_(Beatles_instrumental)=Flying (Beatles instrumental)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Your_Mother_Should_Know=Your Mother Should Know
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blue_Jay_Way=Blue Jay Way
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fool_on_the_Hill=The Fool on the Hill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fixing_a_Hole=Fixing a Hole
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sgt._Pepper's_Lonely_Hearts_Club_Band_(song)=Sgt. Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lovely_Rita=Lovely Rita
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Good_Morning_Good_Morning=Good Morning Good Morning
http://dbpedia.org/resource/She's_Leaving_Home=She's Leaving Home
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_You_To=Love You To
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Good_Day_Sunshine=Good Day Sunshine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doctor_Robert=Doctor Robert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Want_to_Tell_You=I Want to Tell You
http://dbpedia.org/resource/She_Said_She_Said=She Said She Said
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Girl_(Beatles_song)=Girl (Beatles song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I'm_Looking_Through_You=I'm Looking Through You
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_My_Life=In My Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/If_I_Needed_Someone=If I Needed Someone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Run_for_Your_Life=Run for Your Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Another_Girl=Another Girl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Night_Before_(song)=The Night Before (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Need_You_(Beatles_song)=I Need You (Beatles song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/You're_Going_to_Lose_That_Girl=You're Going to Lose That Girl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/You_Like_Me_Too_Much=You Like Me Too Much
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tell_Me_What_You_See=Tell Me What You See
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I've_Just_Seen_a_Face=I've Just Seen a Face
http://dbpedia.org/resource/No_Reply_(song)=No Reply (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baby's_in_Black=Baby's in Black
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I'll_Follow_the_Sun=I'll Follow the Sun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mr._Moonlight_(song)=Mr. Moonlight (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Every_Little_Thing_(Beatles_song)=Every Little Thing (Beatles song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Everybody's_Trying_to_Be_My_Baby=Everybody's Trying to Be My Baby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Don't_Want_to_Spoil_the_Party=I Don't Want to Spoil the Party
http://dbpedia.org/resource/What_You're_Doing=What You're Doing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/If_I_Fell=If I Fell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I'm_Happy_Just_to_Dance_with_You=I'm Happy Just to Dance with You
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Should_Have_Known_Better=I Should Have Known Better
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tell_Me_Why_(Beatles_song)=Tell Me Why (Beatles song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/And_I_Love_Her=And I Love Her
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Any_Time_at_All=Any Time at All
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I'll_Cry_Instead=I'll Cry Instead
http://dbpedia.org/resource/When_I_Get_Home=When I Get Home
http://dbpedia.org/resource/It_Won't_Be_Long=It Won't Be Long
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_I've_Got_to_Do=All I've Got to Do
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don't_Bother_Me=Don't Bother Me
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Little_Child=Little Child
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hold_Me_Tight=Hold Me Tight
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Not_a_Second_Time=Not a Second Time
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Misery_(Beatles_song)=Misery (Beatles song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Saw_Her_Standing_There=I Saw Her Standing There
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Do_You_Want_to_Know_a_Secret=Do You Want to Know a Secret
http://dbpedia.org/resource/There's_a_Place=There's a Place
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I'm_a_Loser=I'm a Loser
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hey_Bulldog=Hey Bulldog
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Only_a_Northern_Song=Only a Northern Song
http://dbpedia.org/resource/It's_All_Too_Much=It's All Too Much
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albuquerque_(song)=Albuquerque (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Magical_Mystery_Tour_(song)=Magical Mystery Tour (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dig_It_(Beatles_song)=Dig It (Beatles song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Gnu=The Gnu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Where_Is_the_Line=Where Is the Line
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cod_Liver_Oil_(song)=Cod Liver Oil (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ballad_of_Davy_Crockett=The Ballad of Davy Crockett
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sister_Ray=Sister Ray
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bitter_Withy=The Bitter Withy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_the_Flesh_(Pink_Floyd_song)=In the Flesh (Pink Floyd song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Julia_(Beatles_song)=Julia (Beatles song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hard_to_Get_(song)=Hard to Get (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_Together_Now=All Together Now
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ocean_(Led_Zeppelin_song)=The Ocean (Led Zeppelin song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Foreplay/Long_Time=Foreplay/Long Time
http://dbpedia.org/resource/What_Is_and_What_Should_Never_Be=What Is and What Should Never Be
http://dbpedia.org/resource/We'll_Meet_Again=We'll Meet Again
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ramblin'_Wreck_from_Georgia_Tech=Ramblin' Wreck from Georgia Tech
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grantchester_Meadows_(song)=Grantchester Meadows (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack_Was_Every_Inch_a_Sailor=Jack Was Every Inch a Sailor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Since_You_Been_Gone=Since You Been Gone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hellraiser_(song)=Hellraiser (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friendly_Persuasion_(song)=Friendly Persuasion (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_Things_Must_Pass_(song)=All Things Must Pass (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Not_Guilty_(song)=Not Guilty (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hate_to_Feel=Hate to Feel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Good_Night_(Beatles_song)=Good Night (Beatles song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Almost_Lost_My_Mind=I Almost Lost My Mind
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hot_Diggity_(Dog_Ziggity_Boom)=Hot Diggity (Dog Ziggity Boom)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I've_Been_Working_on_the_Railroad=I've Been Working on the Railroad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Genocide_(song)=Genocide (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heartaches_(song)=Heartaches (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Garden_(Guns_N'_Roses_song)=The Garden (Guns N' Roses song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/What's_the_New_Mary_Jane=What's the New Mary Jane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mother_We_Just_Can't_Get_Enough=Mother We Just Can't Get Enough
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isolation_(Joy_Division_song)=Isolation (Joy Division song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Smoke_Two_Joints=Smoke Two Joints
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Home!_Sweet_Home!=Home! Sweet Home!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cotton-Eyed_Joe=Cotton-Eyed Joe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gonna_Get_Along_Without_Ya_Now=Gonna Get Along Without Ya Now
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Tear_Fell=A Tear Fell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_the_Pines=In the Pines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_the_Light=In the Light
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Thin_Ice=The Thin Ice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Happiest_Days_of_Our_Lives=The Happiest Days of Our Lives
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mother_(Pink_Floyd_song)=Mother (Pink Floyd song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alan's_Psychedelic_Breakfast=Alan's Psychedelic Breakfast
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goodbye_Blue_Sky=Goodbye Blue Sky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Young_Lust_(song)=Young Lust (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don't_Leave_Me_Now_(Pink_Floyd_song)=Don't Leave Me Now (Pink Floyd song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goodbye_Cruel_World_(Pink_Floyd_song)=Goodbye Cruel World (Pink Floyd song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hey_You_(Pink_Floyd_song)=Hey You (Pink Floyd song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Is_There_Anybody_Out_There%3F=Is There Anybody Out There?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nobody_Home=Nobody Home
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vera_(song)=Vera (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bring_the_Boys_Back_Home=Bring the Boys Back Home
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Waiting_for_the_Worms=Waiting for the Worms
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stop_(Pink_Floyd_song)=Stop (Pink Floyd song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Outside_the_Wall=Outside the Wall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barrett's_Privateers=Barrett's Privateers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Don't_Blame_You=I Don't Blame You
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tipperary_(song)=Tipperary (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Money,_Marbles,_and_Chalk=Money, Marbles, and Chalk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Northwest_Passage_(song)=Northwest Passage (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cross_Bones_Style=Cross Bones Style
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maybe_I'm_Amazed=Maybe I'm Amazed
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Rain_Song=The Rain Song
http://dbpedia.org/resource/El_Choclo=El Choclo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Every_Night_(Paul_McCartney_song)=Every Night (Paul McCartney song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fletcher_Memorial_Home=The Fletcher Memorial Home
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Band_of_Gold_(1955_song)=Band of Gold (1955 song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Turn_to_You_(All-4-One_song)=I Turn to You (All-4-One song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Born_on_the_Bayou=Born on the Bayou
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reflection_(song)=Reflection (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/That_Would_Be_Something=That Would Be Something
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Half_as_Much=Half as Much
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Piggy_Bank_(song)=Piggy Bank (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pero_Me_Acuerdo_de_Ti=Pero Me Acuerdo de Ti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Narrow_Way=The Narrow Way
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stop_the_Clocks_(song)=Stop the Clocks (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/For_the_Love_of_God_(instrumental)=For the Love of God (instrumental)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dem_Bones=Dem Bones
http://dbpedia.org/resource/JTR_(song)=JTR (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Cliffs_of_Baccalieu=The Cliffs of Baccalieu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/You_Belong_to_Me_(1952_song)=You Belong to Me (1952 song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Supper's_Ready=Supper's Ready
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Too_Much_Rain=Too Much Rain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shatter_(song)=Shatter (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rock_'n'_Roll_Star=Rock 'n' Roll Star
http://dbpedia.org/resource/He_Never_Said_a_Mumblin'_Word=He Never Said a Mumblin' Word
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ain't_It_a_Shame=Ain't It a Shame
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Home_for_a_Rest=Home for a Rest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/You_Can't_Be_True,_Dear=You Can't Be True, Dear
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Delaware_(song)=Delaware (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Warszawa_(song)=Warszawa (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sun_Is_Shining=Sun Is Shining
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ten_Green_Bottles=Ten Green Bottles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dogs_(Pink_Floyd_song)=Dogs (Pink Floyd song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/People_Will_Say_We're_in_Love=People Will Say We're in Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Red_House_(song)=Red House (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lily,_Rosemary_and_the_Jack_of_Hearts=Lily, Rosemary and the Jack of Hearts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shelter_from_the_Storm=Shelter from the Storm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Political_(song)=Political (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/What_Hurts_the_Most=What Hurts the Most
http://dbpedia.org/resource/EastEnders_theme_tune=EastEnders theme tune
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brain_Damage_(song)=Brain Damage (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eclipse_(song)=Eclipse (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Breathe_(Pink_Floyd_song)=Breathe (Pink Floyd song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Speak_to_Me=Speak to Me
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friend_of_a_Friend_(song)=Friend of a Friend (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Here_Comes_My_Baby_(Cat_Stevens_song)=Here Comes My Baby (Cat Stevens song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/You_Enjoy_Myself=You Enjoy Myself
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aqualung_(song)=Aqualung (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ballad_of_Thunder_Road=The Ballad of Thunder Road
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joe_the_Lion=Joe the Lion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Simple_Desultory_Philippic_(or_How_I_Was_Robert_McNamara'd_into_Submission)=A Simple Desultory Philippic (or How I Was Robert McNamara'd into Submission)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lord,_Send_Me_an_Angel=Lord, Send Me an Angel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I've_Got_You_Under_My_Skin=I've Got You Under My Skin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marooned_(instrumental)=Marooned (instrumental)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Corona_(song)=Corona (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/This_Ain't_No_Picnic=This Ain't No Picnic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Those_Dumb_Punk_Kids_(Will_Buy_Anything)=Those Dumb Punk Kids (Will Buy Anything)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I'm_Gonna_Be_Alright=I'm Gonna Be Alright
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Demonstrate_(song)=Demonstrate (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Voodoo_Chile=Voodoo Chile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Take_Up_Thy_Stethoscope_and_Walk=Take Up Thy Stethoscope and Walk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carouselambra=Carouselambra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Up_Went_Nelson=Up Went Nelson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ayo!=Ayo!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Darling_Nikki=Darling Nikki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rocket_Queen=Rocket Queen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Run_Rudolph_Run=Run Rudolph Run
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Circle_Sky=Circle Sky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ten_Years_Gone=Ten Years Gone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/There_Was_a_Crooked_Man=There Was a Crooked Man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Get_in_the_Ring=Get in the Ring
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dulce_Domum=Dulce Domum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mermaid's_Avenue=Mermaid's Avenue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isis_(song)=Isis (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_Spite_of_All_the_Danger=In Spite of All the Danger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/You_Know_What_to_Do=You Know What to Do
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Somebody_Put_Something_in_My_Drink=Somebody Put Something in My Drink
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dear_Hearts_and_Gentle_People=Dear Hearts and Gentle People
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abandoned_Love=Abandoned Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Absolutely_Sweet_Marie=Absolutely Sweet Marie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_My_Love_(Led_Zeppelin_song)=All My Love (Led Zeppelin song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aladdin_Sane_(song)=Aladdin Sane (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_I_Really_Want_to_Do=All I Really Want to Do
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angelina_(Bob_Dylan_song)=Angelina (Bob Dylan song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bessy_Bell_and_Mary_Gray=Bessy Bell and Mary Gray
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wait_(song)=The Wait (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/As_I_Went_Out_One_Morning=As I Went Out One Morning
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ballad_of_a_Thin_Man=Ballad of a Thin Man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bike_(song)=Bike (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chattanoogie_Shoe_Shine_Boy=Chattanoogie Shoe Shine Boy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harbor_Lights=Harbor Lights
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ballad_of_Frankie_Lee_and_Judas_Priest=The Ballad of Frankie Lee and Judas Priest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mary's_Boy_Child=Mary's Boy Child
http://dbpedia.org/resource/That's_the_Way_(Led_Zeppelin_song)=That's the Way (Led Zeppelin song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Who_Knows_Where_the_Time_Goes%3F=Who Knows Where the Time Goes?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Set_the_Controls_for_the_Heart_of_the_Sun=Set the Controls for the Heart of the Sun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jai_Jai_Maharashtra_Maza=Jai Jai Maharashtra Maza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Dreams_Are_Getting_Better_All_the_Time=My Dreams Are Getting Better All the Time
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coma_(Guns_N'_Roses_song)=Coma (Guns N' Roses song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Queen_of_the_Waves=Queen of the Waves
http://dbpedia.org/resource/If_I_Knew_You_Were_Comin'_I'd've_Baked_a_Cake=If I Knew You Were Comin' I'd've Baked a Cake
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Only_Hope=Only Hope
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oh,_What_a_Beautiful_Mornin'=Oh, What a Beautiful Mornin'
http://dbpedia.org/resource/His_Eye_Is_on_the_Sparrow=His Eye Is on the Sparrow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Passenger_(song)=The Passenger (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/(Ghost)_Riders_in_the_Sky:_A_Cowboy_Legend=(Ghost) Riders in the Sky: A Cowboy Legend
http://dbpedia.org/resource/April_in_Portugal_(song)=April in Portugal (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/You_Raise_Me_Up=You Raise Me Up
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grey_Goose_(folk_song)=Grey Goose (folk song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/YYZ_(instrumental)=YYZ (instrumental)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Soviet_Tankmen's_Song=Soviet Tankmen's Song
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hooker_with_a_Penis=Hooker with a Penis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hesitation_Blues=Hesitation Blues
http://dbpedia.org/resource/What_Shall_We_Do_Now%3F=What Shall We Do Now?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/O_Little_Town_of_Bethlehem=O Little Town of Bethlehem
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scarlet_Begonias=Scarlet Begonias
http://dbpedia.org/resource/This_Is_My_Country=This Is My Country
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tweeter_and_the_Monkey_Man=Tweeter and the Monkey Man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monday's_Child=Monday's Child
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Desperado_(song)=Desperado (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jugband_Blues=Jugband Blues
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Man_in_Me=The Man in Me
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brownsville_Girl=Brownsville Girl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Precious_Memories_(hymn)=Precious Memories (hymn)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oklahoma_(song)=Oklahoma (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Have_Dreamed_(song)=I Have Dreamed (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/We_Care_a_Lot_(song)=We Care a Lot (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Suicide_Solution=Suicide Solution
http://dbpedia.org/resource/That_Smell=That Smell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aba_Daba_Honeymoon=Aba Daba Honeymoon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/San_Tropez_(song)=San Tropez (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Camarillo_Brillo=Camarillo Brillo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Better_Man_(Pearl_Jam_song)=Better Man (Pearl Jam song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cygnus_X-1_(song_series)=Cygnus X-1 (song series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fear_(song_series)=Fear (song series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gold_Dust_Woman=Gold Dust Woman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heart_and_Soul_(1938_song)=Heart and Soul (1938 song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matilda_Mother=Matilda Mother
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pow_R._Toc_H.=Pow R. Toc H.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Surrey_with_the_Fringe_on_Top=The Surrey with the Fringe on Top
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Do_You_Hear_What_I_Hear%3F=Do You Hear What I Hear?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Down_by_the_Bay=Down by the Bay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Think_About_You=Think About You
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mojo_Pin=Mojo Pin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Titanic_(song)=The Titanic (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/How_Come_U_Don't_Call_Me_Anymore%3F=How Come U Don't Call Me Anymore?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meeting_Across_the_River=Meeting Across the River
http://dbpedia.org/resource/List_of_Rush_instrumentals=List of Rush instrumentals
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Winter_Wonderland=Winter Wonderland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ten_Cents_a_Dance=Ten Cents a Dance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Song_Is_Over=The Song Is Over
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Getting_in_Tune=Getting in Tune
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Gnome=The Gnome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Death_Letter=Death Letter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Top_of_the_World_(The_Pussycat_Dolls_song)=Top of the World (The Pussycat Dolls song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/You're_Just_in_Love=You're Just in Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I'm_Going_Home_to_Dixie=I'm Going Home to Dixie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Owl_Creek_Quickstep=Owl Creek Quickstep
http://dbpedia.org/resource/As_Time_Goes_By_(song)=As Time Goes By (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bear_Down,_Chicago_Bears=Bear Down, Chicago Bears
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lemon_Song=The Lemon Song
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thank_You_(Led_Zeppelin_song)=Thank You (Led Zeppelin song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ramble_On=Ramble On
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Botch-a-Me_(Ba-Ba-Baciami_Piccina)=Botch-a-Me (Ba-Ba-Baciami Piccina)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/March_of_the_Soviet_Tankmen=March of the Soviet Tankmen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Famous_Blue_Raincoat=Famous Blue Raincoat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Gift_(The_Velvet_Underground_song)=The Gift (The Velvet Underground song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Square_One_(Tom_Petty_song)=Square One (Tom Petty song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seasons_of_Love=Seasons of Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I'm_the_Greatest=I'm the Greatest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hair_of_Gold,_Eyes_of_Blue=Hair of Gold, Eyes of Blue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/2112_(song)=2112 (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deep_Purple_(song)=Deep Purple (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Original_of_the_Species=Original of the Species
http://dbpedia.org/resource/'Round_Midnight_(song)='Round Midnight (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Romance_(song)=My Romance (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sich_a_Getting_up_Stairs=Sich a Getting up Stairs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mama_Told_Me_Not_to_Come=Mama Told Me Not to Come
http://dbpedia.org/resource/De_Wild_Goose-Nation=De Wild Goose-Nation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_York_State_of_Mind=New York State of Mind
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mairzy_Doats=Mairzy Doats
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Come_Fly_with_Me_(1957_song)=Come Fly with Me (1957 song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bird_on_the_Wire=Bird on the Wire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xanadu_(Rush_song)=Xanadu (Rush song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_First_Cut_Is_the_Deepest=The First Cut Is the Deepest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Prophet's_Song=The Prophet's Song
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dream_Brother=Dream Brother
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Know_Your_Enemy_(Rage_Against_the_Machine_song)=Know Your Enemy (Rage Against the Machine song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Red_Barchetta=Red Barchetta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Universal_Soldier_(song)=Universal Soldier (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Show_Must_Go_On_(Pink_Floyd_song)=The Show Must Go On (Pink Floyd song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johnny_Roach=Johnny Roach
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wooden_Ships=Wooden Ships
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cortez_the_Killer=Cortez the Killer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lazy_Sunday=Lazy Sunday
http://dbpedia.org/resource/March_of_the_Malvinas=March of the Malvinas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yellow_Ledbetter=Yellow Ledbetter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lover,_You_Should've_Come_Over=Lover, You Should've Come Over
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Death_on_Two_Legs_(Dedicated_to...)=Death on Two Legs (Dedicated to...)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Get_Ideas=I Get Ideas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Here_(1954_song)=Here (1954 song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_the_Wee_Small_Hours_of_the_Morning=In the Wee Small Hours of the Morning
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Something_Wonderful_(song)=Something Wonderful (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Running_to_Stand_Still=Running to Stand Still
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don't_Rain_on_My_Parade=Don't Rain on My Parade
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anywhere_I_Wander=Anywhere I Wander
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bei_Mir_Bistu_Shein=Bei Mir Bistu Shein
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Whistle_a_Happy_Tune=I Whistle a Happy Tune
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dream_a_Little_Dream_of_Me=Dream a Little Dream of Me
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Milestones_(instrumental_composition)=Milestones (instrumental composition)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nobody's_Fault_but_Mine=Nobody's Fault but Mine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_the_Right_Friends=All the Right Friends
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lucifer_Sam=Lucifer Sam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Astronomy_Domine=Astronomy Domine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/For_Your_Life=For Your Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I'm_Gwine_ober_de_Mountain=I'm Gwine ober de Mountain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oj,_Jelena,_Jelena,_jabuka_zelena=Oj, Jelena, Jelena, jabuka zelena
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Undecided=Undecided
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Two_Suns_in_the_Sunset=Two Suns in the Sunset
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Animal_Crackers_in_My_Soup=Animal Crackers in My Soup
http://dbpedia.org/resource/It_Had_to_Be_You_(song)=It Had to Be You (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/There'll_Always_Be_an_England=There'll Always Be an England
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Breathe_on_Me=Breathe on Me
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Child_in_Time=Child in Time
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elegia=Elegia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Turn_the_Page_(Bob_Seger_song)=Turn the Page (Bob Seger song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pastures_of_Plenty=Pastures of Plenty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bullet_the_Blue_Sky=Bullet the Blue Sky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Red_Hill_Mining_Town=Red Hill Mining Town
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trip_Through_Your_Wires=Trip Through Your Wires
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zoo_Station_(song)=Zoo Station (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Until_the_End_of_the_World_(song)=Until the End of the World (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tryin'_to_Throw_Your_Arms_Around_the_World=Tryin' to Throw Your Arms Around the World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ultraviolet_(Light_My_Way)=Ultraviolet (Light My Way)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bad_(U2_song)=Bad (U2 song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ultimate_Showdown_of_Ultimate_Destiny=Ultimate Showdown of Ultimate Destiny
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Waters_of_March=Waters of March
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fiddle_About=Fiddle About
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boogie_Woogie_Bugle_Boy=Boogie Woogie Bugle Boy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beauty_and_the_Beast_(Disney_song)=Beauty and the Beast (Disney song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dschinghis_Khan_(song)=Dschinghis Khan (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sun_Green=Sun Green
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sugar_Magnolia=Sugar Magnolia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Under_My_Thumb=Under My Thumb
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Night_in_Tunisia=A Night in Tunisia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Pillow_of_Winds=A Pillow of Winds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cousin_Kevin=Cousin Kevin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/41_(song)=41 (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Age_of_Consent_(song)=Age of Consent (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Love_That_Will_Never_Grow_Old=A Love That Will Never Grow Old
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Idiot_Wind=Idiot Wind
http://dbpedia.org/resource/(What's_So_Funny_'Bout)_Peace,_Love,_and_Understanding=(What's So Funny 'Bout) Peace, Love, and Understanding
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mexican_(song)=The Mexican (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cheepnis=Cheepnis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Funeral_for_a_Friend/Love_Lies_Bleeding=Funeral for a Friend/Love Lies Bleeding
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blaenwern=Blaenwern
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Math_Suks=Math Suks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kill_Rock_'n_Roll=Kill Rock 'n Roll
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Begin_the_Begin=Begin the Begin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mediate_(song)=Mediate (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crying_in_the_Chapel=Crying in the Chapel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Man_of_Constant_Sorrow=Man of Constant Sorrow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/We_Kiss_in_a_Shadow=We Kiss in a Shadow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heart_on_Fire=Heart on Fire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/With_a_Song_in_My_Heart_(song)=With a Song in My Heart (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Masters_of_War=Masters of War
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moving_in_Stereo=Moving in Stereo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Box_of_Rain=Box of Rain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rubber_Biscuit=Rubber Biscuit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sleepwalker_(Nightwish_song)=Sleepwalker (Nightwish song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/High_Hopes_(Frank_Sinatra_song)=High Hopes (Frank Sinatra song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Guns_of_Brixton=The Guns of Brixton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/R&B_Junkie=R&B Junkie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Blue_Heaven_(song)=My Blue Heaven (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scotty_Doesn't_Know=Scotty Doesn't Know
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lightning_Strike=The Lightning Strike
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hello,_I_Must_Be_Going_(song)=Hello, I Must Be Going (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/True_Men_Don't_Kill_Coyotes=True Men Don't Kill Coyotes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sinner_Man=Sinner Man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Not_to_Touch_the_Earth=Not to Touch the Earth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beat_on_the_Brat=Beat on the Brat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Have_a_Little_Faith_in_Me=Have a Little Faith in Me
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pretty_Little_Ditty=Pretty Little Ditty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Used_to_Work_in_Chicago=I Used to Work in Chicago
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Now_I_Wanna_Sniff_Some_Glue=Now I Wanna Sniff Some Glue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Emblem=National Emblem
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cygnet_Committee=Cygnet Committee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wild_Eyed_Boy_from_Freecloud=Wild Eyed Boy from Freecloud
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Last_Few_Bricks=The Last Few Bricks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Width_of_a_Circle=The Width of a Circle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_the_Madmen_(song)=All the Madmen (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_Country_Rock=Black Country Rock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/After_All_(David_Bowie_song)=After All (David Bowie song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carbona_Not_Glue=Carbona Not Glue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Driving_the_Last_Spike=Driving the Last Spike
http://dbpedia.org/resource/She_Shook_Me_Cold=She Shook Me Cold
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Supermen=The Supermen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oh!_You_Pretty_Things=Oh! You Pretty Things
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Billy_the_Mountain=Billy the Mountain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kooks_(song)=Kooks (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quicksand_(David_Bowie_song)=Quicksand (David Bowie song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Song_for_Bob_Dylan=Song for Bob Dylan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Queen_Bitch=Queen Bitch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bewlay_Brothers=The Bewlay Brothers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bombers_(David_Bowie_song)=Bombers (David Bowie song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Five_Years=Five Years
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Songbird_(Fleetwood_Mac_song)=Songbird (Fleetwood Mac song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/21st_Century_Schizoid_Man=21st Century Schizoid Man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Final_Cut_(song)=The Final Cut (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Under_the_Anheuser_Bush=Under the Anheuser Bush
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_White_Stuff=The White Stuff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Can't_Watch_This=I Can't Watch This
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kalaniyot=Kalaniyot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Danny_Says=Danny Says
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Butterfly_(Kylie_Minogue_song)=Butterfly (Kylie Minogue song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Place_for_My_Head=A Place for My Head
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coming_Back_to_Life=Coming Back to Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heroin_(The_Velvet_Underground_song)=Heroin (The Velvet Underground song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I'm_Waiting_for_the_Man=I'm Waiting for the Man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Molly_and_Tenbrooks=Molly and Tenbrooks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yet_Another_Movie=Yet Another Movie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lady_Stardust=Lady Stardust
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hang_On_to_Yourself=Hang On to Yourself
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hopeful_(Ami_Suzuki_song)=Hopeful (Ami Suzuki song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sick_Again=Sick Again
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ziggy_Stardust_(song)=Ziggy Stardust (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Velvet_Goldmine_(song)=Velvet Goldmine (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Watch_That_Man=Watch That Man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Happy_Elf_(song)=The Happy Elf (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deep_in_the_Heart_of_Texas=Deep in the Heart of Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Panic_in_Detroit=Panic in Detroit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cracked_Actor_(song)=Cracked Actor (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/That's_Why_Darkies_Were_Born=That's Why Darkies Were Born
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lady_Grinning_Soul=Lady Grinning Soul
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Growin'_Up=Growin' Up
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Future_Legend=Future Legend
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sweet_Thing_(David_Bowie_song)=Sweet Thing (David Bowie song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joy_to_Great_Caesar=Joy to Great Caesar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Big_Brother_(David_Bowie_song)=Big Brother (David Bowie song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fascination_(David_Bowie_song)=Fascination (David Bowie song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DK_Rap=DK Rap
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Word_on_a_Wing=Word on a Wing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Pink_Panther_Theme=The Pink Panther Theme
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Down_by_the_Seaside=Down by the Seaside
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tombstone_Blues=Tombstone Blues
http://dbpedia.org/resource/From_a_Buick_6=From a Buick 6
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Queen_Jane_Approximately=Queen Jane Approximately
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Just_Like_Tom_Thumb's_Blues=Just Like Tom Thumb's Blues
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Pray_on_Christmas=I Pray on Christmas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yelli=Yelli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Speed_of_Life_(David_Bowie_song)=Speed of Life (David Bowie song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/What_in_the_World=What in the World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Always_Crashing_in_the_Same_Car=Always Crashing in the Same Car
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_New_Career_in_a_New_Town=A New Career in a New Town
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Art_Decade=Art Decade
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Weeping_Wall_(instrumental)=Weeping Wall (instrumental)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Subterraneans=Subterraneans
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Temptation_Waits=Temptation Waits
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sons_of_the_Silent_Age=Sons of the Silent Age
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blackout_(David_Bowie_song)=Blackout (David Bowie song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/V-2_Schneider=V-2 Schneider
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sense_of_Doubt=Sense of Doubt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moss_Garden=Moss Garden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Secret_Life_of_Arabia=The Secret Life of Arabia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maggie_May_(folk_song)=Maggie May (folk song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fantastic_Voyage_(David_Bowie_song)=Fantastic Voyage (David Bowie song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I'll_Be_Back_(song)=I'll Be Back (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sky_Is_a_Landfill=The Sky Is a Landfill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/It's_No_Game=It's No Game
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Teenage_Wildlife=Teenage Wildlife
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scream_Like_a_Baby=Scream Like a Baby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Criminal_World=Criminal World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Keep_Forgettin'=I Keep Forgettin'
http://dbpedia.org/resource/As_the_World_Falls_Down=As the World Falls Down
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bang_Bang_(Iggy_Pop_song)=Bang Bang (Iggy Pop song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miracle_Drug=Miracle Drug
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toad_(instrumental)=Toad (instrumental)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nite_Flights_(song)=Nite Flights (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/It's_Hard_out_Here_for_a_Pimp=It's Hard out Here for a Pimp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jackson_(song)=Jackson (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tangerine_(Led_Zeppelin_song)=Tangerine (Led Zeppelin song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/How_Many_More_Times=How Many More Times
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Little_Caesar_(Kiss_song)=Little Caesar (Kiss song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yutang_Tabonon=Yutang Tabonon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Here_I_Am_to_Worship_(song)=Here I Am to Worship (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I'm_Deranged=I'm Deranged
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amazing_Journey=Amazing Journey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Serrana_(composition)=Serrana (composition)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friends_(Led_Zeppelin_song)=Friends (Led Zeppelin song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Can_Dream,_Can't_I%3F=I Can Dream, Can't I?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chaiyya_Chaiyya=Chaiyya Chaiyya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cocaine_Blues=Cocaine Blues
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cactus_(song)=Cactus (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shoot_to_Thrill=Shoot to Thrill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Catholic_School_Girls_Rule=Catholic School Girls Rule
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I've_Been_Waiting_for_You_(Neil_Young_song)=I've Been Waiting for You (Neil Young song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baby_Loves_That_Way=Baby Loves That Way
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Houses_of_the_Holy_(song)=Houses of the Holy (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gone_(Kelly_Clarkson_song)=Gone (Kelly Clarkson song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I'm_Gonna_Crawl=I'm Gonna Crawl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Into_the_Void_(Black_Sabbath_song)=Into the Void (Black Sabbath song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/You're_the_Best=You're the Best
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Loneliest_Guy=The Loneliest Guy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fall_Dog_Bombs_the_Moon=Fall Dog Bombs the Moon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bring_Me_the_Disco_King=Bring Me the Disco King
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wanton_Song=The Wanton Song
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yo_Ho_(A_Pirate's_Life_for_Me)=Yo Ho (A Pirate's Life for Me)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bron-Yr-Aur_(instrumental)=Bron-Yr-Aur (instrumental)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cluster_One=Cluster One
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wearing_the_Inside_Out=Wearing the Inside Out
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wot's..._Uh_the_Deal%3F=Wot's... Uh the Deal?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Herr_Mannelig=Herr Mannelig
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_London_Boys=The London Boys
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ballad_of_Hollis_Brown=Ballad of Hollis Brown
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_Crow_Blues=Black Crow Blues
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fat_Old_Sun=Fat Old Sun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boots_of_Spanish_Leather=Boots of Spanish Leather
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buckets_of_Rain=Buckets of Rain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jesus'_Blood_Never_Failed_Me_Yet=Jesus' Blood Never Failed Me Yet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bye_and_Bye=Bye and Bye
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cold_Irons_Bound=Cold Irons Bound
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Feeling_Good=Feeling Good
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Signs_of_Life_(instrumental)=Signs of Life (instrumental)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_New_Machine=A New Machine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Round_and_Around_(Pink_Floyd_song)=Round and Around (Pink Floyd song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mudmen_(instrumental)=Mudmen (instrumental)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Burning_Bridges_(Pink_Floyd_song)=Burning Bridges (Pink Floyd song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Childhood's_End_(Pink_Floyd_song)=Childhood's End (Pink Floyd song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hots_On_for_Nowhere=Hots On for Nowhere
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kite_(song)=Kite (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wanderer_(U2_song)=The Wanderer (U2 song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zooropa_(song)=Zooropa (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hands_That_Built_America=The Hands That Built America
http://dbpedia.org/resource/God_Part_II=God Part II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/October_(song)=October (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Celebration_Day=Celebration Day
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Out_On_the_Tiles=Out On the Tiles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/4th_of_July_(U2_song)=4th of July (U2 song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rude_Mood=Rude Mood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Man_and_a_Woman_(song)=A Man and a Woman (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/An_Cat_Dubh_/_Into_the_Heart=An Cat Dubh / Into the Heart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wake_Up_(Rage_Against_the_Machine_song)=Wake Up (Rage Against the Machine song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gone_(U2_song)=Gone (U2 song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cidade_Maravilhosa=Cidade Maravilhosa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Electric_Co.=The Electric Co.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Corrine,_Corrina=Corrine, Corrina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Morning_Dew=Morning Dew
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Re-Make/Re-Model=Re-Make/Re-Model
http://dbpedia.org/resource/2HB=2HB
http://dbpedia.org/resource/If_There_Is_Something=If There Is Something
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bob_(Medley)=The Bob (Medley)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bitters_End=Bitters End
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ladytron_(song)=Ladytron (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pigs_on_the_Wing=Pigs on the Wing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bodies_(Sex_Pistols_song)=Bodies (Sex Pistols song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Don't_Give_a_Fuck=I Don't Give a Fuck
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sixteen_Going_on_Seventeen=Sixteen Going on Seventeen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Farmer_and_the_Cowman=The Farmer and the Cowman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fly,_Eagles_Fly=Fly, Eagles Fly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Master_of_Sparks=Master of Sparks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sweet_Black_Angel=Sweet Black Angel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Custard_Pie=Custard Pie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Saw_the_Light_(Hank_Williams_song)=I Saw the Light (Hank Williams song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heartbeat_(Wire_song)=Heartbeat (Wire song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Into_the_Mystic=Into the Mystic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dirty_Day=Dirty Day
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grace_(U2_song)=Grace (U2 song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hawkmoon_269=Hawkmoon 269
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yoda_(song)=Yoda (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gonna_Raise_Hell=Gonna Raise Hell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Know_There's_an_Answer=I Know There's an Answer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Praise_the_Lord_and_Pass_the_Ammunition=Praise the Lord and Pass the Ammunition
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sing,_Sing,_Sing_(With_a_Swing)=Sing, Sing, Sing (With a Swing)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angel_Band_(song)=Angel Band (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yahweh_(song)=Yahweh (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Weaver's_Answer=The Weaver's Answer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/You_Still_Believe_in_Me=You Still Believe in Me
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don't_Talk_(Put_Your_Head_on_My_Shoulder)=Don't Talk (Put Your Head on My Shoulder)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/That's_Not_Me=That's Not Me
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Who_Said=Who Said
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jungleland=Jungleland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/25_Minutes_to_Go=25 Minutes to Go
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oh_No,_Not_You_Again=Oh No, Not You Again
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Portrait_of_Tracy=Portrait of Tracy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Acid_Queen=The Acid Queen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oh_My_God_(Michael_Franti_song)=Oh My God (Michael Franti song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/When_You're_In=When You're In
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Obscured_by_Clouds_(instrumental)=Obscured by Clouds (instrumental)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stay_(Pink_Floyd_song)=Stay (Pink Floyd song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Help_Me,_Rhonda=Help Me, Rhonda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marigold_(song)=Marigold (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tip_Drill_(song)=Tip Drill (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goin'_Blind=Goin' Blind
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boyz-n-the-Hood=Boyz-n-the-Hood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I've_Been_Loving_You_Too_Long=I've Been Loving You Too Long
http://dbpedia.org/resource/So_What_(Miles_Davis_composition)=So What (Miles Davis composition)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Knowledge_(song)=Knowledge (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Murphy_Broke_the_Pledge=Murphy Broke the Pledge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Never_Been_There_Before=Never Been There Before
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hey,_Johnnie_Cope,_Are_Ye_Waking_Yet%3F=Hey, Johnnie Cope, Are Ye Waking Yet?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Your_Blue_Room=Your Blue Room
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Cain't_Say_No=I Cain't Say No
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_Er_Nuthin'=All Er Nuthin'
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maybe_I'm_a_Leo=Maybe I'm a Leo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Romeo_Delight=Romeo Delight
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Teddy_Boy_(song)=Teddy Boy (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Poles_Apart=Poles Apart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I'm_Waiting_for_the_Day=I'm Waiting for the Day
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Here_Today_(The_Beach_Boys_song)=Here Today (The Beach Boys song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Let's_Go_Away_for_Awhile=Let's Go Away for Awhile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pet_Sounds_(instrumental)=Pet Sounds (instrumental)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Streets_of_Sorrow/Birmingham_Six=Streets of Sorrow/Birmingham Six
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Busy_Doin'_Nothin'=Busy Doin' Nothin'
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wonderful_(The_Beach_Boys_song)=Wonderful (The Beach Boys song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Disney_Girls_(1957)=Disney Girls (1957)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don't_Go_Near_the_Water_(The_Beach_Boys_song)=Don't Go Near the Water (The Beach Boys song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Day_in_the_Life_of_a_Tree=A Day in the Life of a Tree
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Time_to_Get_Alone=Time to Get Alone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_I_Wanna_Do_(The_Beach_Boys_song)=All I Wanna Do (The Beach Boys song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Feel_Flows=Feel Flows
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Take_a_Load_Off_Your_Feet=Take a Load Off Your Feet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Student_Demonstration_Time=Student Demonstration Time
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_I_Want_to_Do_(The_Beach_Boys_song)=All I Want to Do (The Beach Boys song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Our_Prayer=Our Prayer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cabinessence=Cabinessence
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wendy_(song)=Wendy (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_Summer_Long_(The_Beach_Boys_song)=All Summer Long (The Beach Boys song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Little_Honda=Little Honda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don't_Back_Down_(song)=Don't Back Down (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Catch_a_Wave=Catch a Wave
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Whistle_In=Whistle In
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wind_Chimes_(song)=Wind Chimes (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/With_Me_Tonight=With Me Tonight
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Little_Pad=Little Pad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/She's_Goin'_Bald=She's Goin' Bald
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vegetables_(song)=Vegetables (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bron-Y-Aur_Stomp=Bron-Y-Aur Stomp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karn_Evil_9=Karn Evil 9
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don't_Hurt_My_Little_Sister=Don't Hurt My Little Sister
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_the_Back_of_My_Mind=In the Back of My Mind
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Long,_Long_Ago=Long, Long Ago
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cuckoo_Clock_(song)=Cuckoo Clock (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chug-A-Lug_(The_Beach_Boys_song)=Chug-A-Lug (The Beach Boys song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Little_Girl_(You're_My_Miss_America)=Little Girl (You're My Miss America)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spirit_of_America_(song)=Spirit of America (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Girl_Don't_Tell_Me=Girl Don't Tell Me
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Salt_Lake_City_(song)=Salt Lake City (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Summer_Means_New_Love=Summer Means New Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/And_Your_Dream_Comes_True=And Your Dream Comes True
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hully_Gully_(song)=Hully Gully (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Wanna_Pick_You_Up=I Wanna Pick You Up
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Here_Comes_the_Night_(The_Beach_Boys_song)=Here Comes the Night (The Beach Boys song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spanish_Castle_Magic=Spanish Castle Magic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diminuendo_and_Crescendo_in_Blue=Diminuendo and Crescendo in Blue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Song_for_Adam=Song for Adam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beauty_Queen_(Roxy_Music_song)=Beauty Queen (Roxy Music song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_Every_Dream_Home_a_Heartache=In Every Dream Home a Heartache
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amazona_(song)=Amazona (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/If_(Pink_Floyd_song)=If (Pink Floyd song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oklahoma_Hills=Oklahoma Hills
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mera_Joota_Hai_Japani=Mera Joota Hai Japani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hejira_(song)=Hejira (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boys_(The_Shirelles_song)=Boys (The Shirelles song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Farewell_My_Friend=Farewell My Friend
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Candy_and_a_Currant_Bun=Candy and a Currant Bun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/He_Was_a_Friend_of_Mine=He Was a Friend of Mine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mule_Skinner_Blues=Mule Skinner Blues
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Some_Weird_Sin=Some Weird Sin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mrs._McGrath=Mrs. McGrath
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sea_of_Love_(song)=Sea of Love (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Many_a_New_Day=Many a New Day
http://dbpedia.org/resource/It's_a_Scandal!_It's_a_Outrage!=It's a Scandal! It's a Outrage!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lonely_Room=Lonely Room
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blue_Turns_to_Grey=Blue Turns to Grey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Next_to_You_(The_Police_song)=Next to You (The Police song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Everything_in_Its_Right_Place=Everything in Its Right Place
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sea_and_Sand=Sea and Sand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bless_the_Broken_Road=Bless the Broken Road
http://dbpedia.org/resource/N.Y._State_of_Mind=N.Y. State of Mind
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Night_Flight_(song)=Night Flight (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Patrol=American Patrol
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_Blues=All Blues
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Milky_Way_(song)=Milky Way (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oceania_(song)=Oceania (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_of_This=All of This
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Be_Together=Be Together
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scenes_from_an_Italian_Restaurant=Scenes from an Italian Restaurant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dreamer_(Dennis_Wilson_song)=Dreamer (Dennis Wilson song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pacific_Ocean_Blues=Pacific Ocean Blues
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_of_the_Few=One of the Few
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Astronomy_(song)=Astronomy (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Post_War_Dream_(song)=The Post War Dream (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Merry-Go-Round_Broke_Down=The Merry-Go-Round Broke Down
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heaven_Watch_the_Philippines=Heaven Watch the Philippines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dark_Globe=Dark Globe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Still_I_Dream_of_It=Still I Dream of It
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thanks_for_the_Memory=Thanks for the Memory
http://dbpedia.org/resource/There_Is_Nothing_Like_a_Dame=There Is Nothing Like a Dame
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Popular_(Wicked_song)=Popular (Wicked song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/It_Might_as_Well_Be_Spring=It Might as Well Be Spring
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Straight_Edge_(song)=Straight Edge (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don't_Let's_Be_Beastly_to_the_Germans=Don't Let's Be Beastly to the Germans
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_Street=Love Street
http://dbpedia.org/resource/This_Is_Halloween=This Is Halloween
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mussels_in_the_Corner=Mussels in the Corner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/When_the_Stars_Go_Blue=When the Stars Go Blue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baby,_Let_Me_Follow_You_Down=Baby, Let Me Follow You Down
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cream_(Blank_&_Jones_song)=Cream (Blank & Jones song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moody's_Mood_for_Love=Moody's Mood for Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heat_Wave_(Irving_Berlin_song)=Heat Wave (Irving Berlin song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ja_Tebe_Ljublu=Ja Tebe Ljublu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wind_Song=Wind Song
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chervona_Ruta_(song)=Chervona Ruta (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/We_Are_the_Winners=We Are the Winners
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Supervixen=Supervixen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BRAINS!=BRAINS!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Landslide_(song)=Landslide (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tracy_(song)=Tracy (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/We're_Gonna_Groove=We're Gonna Groove
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sick_of_You_(Gwar_song)=Sick of You (Gwar song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Time_Is_on_My_Side=Time Is on My Side
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inca_Roads_(song)=Inca Roads (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Den_blomstertid_nu_kommer=Den blomstertid nu kommer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/El_Diablo_Suelto=El Diablo Suelto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ghetto_Qu'ran_(Forgive_Me)=Ghetto Qu'ran (Forgive Me)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Always_(1925_song)=Always (1925 song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fuck_Her_Gently=Fuck Her Gently
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Drinking_Song=Drinking Song
http://dbpedia.org/resource/There's_a_Great_Big_Beautiful_Tomorrow=There's a Great Big Beautiful Tomorrow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Be_Our_Guest=Be Our Guest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Working_Man=Working Man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black,_Brown_and_Beige=Black, Brown and Beige
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Can't_Wait_Too_Long=Can't Wait Too Long
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peace_on_Earth_(U2_song)=Peace on Earth (U2 song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Texarkana_(song)=Texarkana (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MLK_(song)=MLK (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_York_(U2_song)=New York (U2 song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Could_Sing_of_Your_Love_Forever=I Could Sing of Your Love Forever
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Godzilla_(song)=Godzilla (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tie_My_Pecker_to_My_Leg=Tie My Pecker to My Leg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seconds_(song)=Seconds (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_Memory_of_Elizabeth_Reed=In Memory of Elizabeth Reed
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Frog_Prince_(Keane_song)=The Frog Prince (Keane song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Starship_Trooper=Starship Trooper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/No_Sugar_Tonight/New_Mother_Nature=No Sugar Tonight/New Mother Nature
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mama_from_the_Train=Mama from the Train
http://dbpedia.org/resource/If_You've_Got_Trouble=If You've Got Trouble
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Respect_the_Wind=Respect the Wind
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Someday_My_Prince_Will_Come=Someday My Prince Will Come
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vicinity_of_Obscenity=Vicinity of Obscenity
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thank_You_for_the_Music=Thank You for the Music
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crack_Addict=Crack Addict
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fountain_of_Lamneth=The Fountain of Lamneth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Maid_Freed_from_the_Gallows=The Maid Freed from the Gallows
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Famous_Flower_of_Serving-Men=The Famous Flower of Serving-Men
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Telegraph_Road_(song)=Telegraph Road (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frankie_and_Johnny_(song)=Frankie and Johnny (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sound_of_Music_(song)=The Sound of Music (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Willie's_Lady=Willie's Lady
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Great_Silkie_of_Sule_Skerry=The Great Silkie of Sule Skerry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/L.A._Woman_(song)=L.A. Woman (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bonny_Baby_Livingston=Bonny Baby Livingston
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ventilator_Blues=Ventilator Blues
http://dbpedia.org/resource/History_Maker=History Maker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wee_Wee_Man=The Wee Wee Man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Laily_Worm_and_the_Machrel_of_the_Sea=The Laily Worm and the Machrel of the Sea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Queen_of_Elfan's_Nourice=The Queen of Elfan's Nourice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shake_Your_Rump=Shake Your Rump
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johnny_Ryall=Johnny Ryall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hind_Etin=Hind Etin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fair_Annie=Fair Annie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prince_Robert=Prince Robert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lord_Thomas_and_Fair_Annet=Lord Thomas and Fair Annet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hughie_Graham=Hughie Graham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Third_Season=Third Season
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Child_Waters=Child Waters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/King_Estmere=King Estmere
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Laird_o_Logie=The Laird o Logie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_of_Hazelgreen=John of Hazelgreen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_New-Slain_Knight=The New-Slain Knight
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lass_of_Roch_Royal=The Lass of Roch Royal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Gay_Goshawk=The Gay Goshawk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johnie_Scot=Johnie Scot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mother's_Malison=The Mother's Malison
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Duke_of_Athole's_Nurse=The Duke of Athole's Nurse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Young_Waters=Young Waters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jellon_Grame=Jellon Grame
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fair_Margaret_and_Sweet_William=Fair Margaret and Sweet William
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Duke_of_Gordon's_Daughter=The Duke of Gordon's Daughter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Burd_Ellen_and_Young_Tamlane=Burd Ellen and Young Tamlane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don't_Look_Away=Don't Look Away
http://dbpedia.org/resource/So_Sad_About_Us=So Sad About Us
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Burd_Isabel_and_Earl_Patrick=Burd Isabel and Earl Patrick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glenlogie=Glenlogie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Laird_o_Drum=The Laird o Drum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leesome_Brand=Leesome Brand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sheath_and_Knife=Sheath and Knife
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Kitchie-Boy=The Kitchie-Boy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Broomfield_Hill=The Broomfield Hill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tea_for_One=Tea for One
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Egg_Man=Egg Man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/South_Bound_Saurez=South Bound Saurez
http://dbpedia.org/resource/3-Minute_Rule=3-Minute Rule
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bent_Sae_Brown=The Bent Sae Brown
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fause_Foodrage=Fause Foodrage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clerk_Colvill=Clerk Colvill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Masterplan_(song)=The Masterplan (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Somebody_Saved_Me=Somebody Saved Me
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Boy_and_the_Mantle=The Boy and the Mantle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bonny_Hind=The Bonny Hind
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fair_Janet=Fair Janet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Go_on_with_the_Wedding=Go on with the Wedding
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lord_of_Lorn_and_the_False_Steward=The Lord of Lorn and the False Steward
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Farmer's_Curst_Wife=The Farmer's Curst Wife
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Redesdale_and_Wise_William=Redesdale and Wise William
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lady_Elspat=Lady Elspat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lord_Lovel=Lord Lovel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bonny_Birdy=The Bonny Birdy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lady_Alice=Lady Alice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Willie_o_Douglas_Dale=Willie o Douglas Dale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Willie_and_Earl_Richard's_Daughter=Willie and Earl Richard's Daughter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fools_Rush_In_(Where_Angels_Fear_to_Tread)=Fools Rush In (Where Angels Fear to Tread)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Queen_of_Scotland=The Queen of Scotland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Young_Ronald=Young Ronald
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Willie's_Lyke-Wake=Willie's Lyke-Wake
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Whummil_Bore=The Whummil Bore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lord_Ingram_and_Chiel_Wyet=Lord Ingram and Chiel Wyet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Willie_and_Lady_Maisry=Willie and Lady Maisry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Looking_Down_the_Barrel_of_a_Gun=Looking Down the Barrel of a Gun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robin_Hood_and_Queen_Katherine=Robin Hood and Queen Katherine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robin_Hood's_Chase=Robin Hood's Chase
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wolf_(Iced_Earth_song)=Wolf (Iced Earth song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bleeding_Me=Bleeding Me
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ain't_My_Bitch=Ain't My Bitch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lust_for_Life_(song)=Lust for Life (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_Diamond_(Kiss_song)=Black Diamond (Kiss song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abdel_Kader_(song)=Abdel Kader (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robin_Hood_and_the_Curtal_Friar=Robin Hood and the Curtal Friar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robin_Hood_Rescuing_Will_Stutly=Robin Hood Rescuing Will Stutly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robin_Hood_Rescuing_Three_Squires=Robin Hood Rescuing Three Squires
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robin_Hood's_Progress_to_Nottingham=Robin Hood's Progress to Nottingham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robin_Hood_and_the_Tanner=Robin Hood and the Tanner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robin_Hood_and_the_Tinker=Robin Hood and the Tinker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robin_Hood_and_the_Ranger=Robin Hood and the Ranger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robin_Hood_and_the_Potter=Robin Hood and the Potter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robin_Hood_and_the_Butcher=Robin Hood and the Butcher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Juanita_(song)=Juanita (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robin_Hood_and_the_Golden_Arrow=Robin Hood and the Golden Arrow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robin_Hood_and_the_Valiant_Knight=Robin Hood and the Valiant Knight
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robin_Hood_Newly_Revived=Robin Hood Newly Revived
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Muzzle_(song)=Muzzle (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Geek_U.S.A.=Geek U.S.A.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robin_Hood's_Golden_Prize=Robin Hood's Golden Prize
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_King's_Disguise,_and_Friendship_with_Robin_Hood=The King's Disguise, and Friendship with Robin Hood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Science_Fiction/Double_Feature=Science Fiction/Double Feature
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Punk_and_the_Godfather=The Punk and the Godfather
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I'm_One=I'm One
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Gardener_(ballad)=The Gardener (ballad)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kansas_City_(Oklahoma!)=Kansas City (Oklahoma!)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/FutureSex/LoveSound=FutureSex/LoveSound
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robin_Hood_and_the_Bishop=Robin Hood and the Bishop
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robin_Hood_and_the_Bishop_of_Hereford=Robin Hood and the Bishop of Hereford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Car_Thief=Car Thief
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oj_Hrvatska_mati=Oj Hrvatska mati
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lather_(song)=Lather (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/What_Comes_Around=What Comes Around
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jock_o'_the_Side=Jock o' the Side
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Archie_o_Cawfield=Archie o Cawfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hobie_Noble=Hobie Noble
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Black_Angel's_Death_Song=The Black Angel's Death Song
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fascination_(1932_song)=Fascination (1932 song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Your_Possible_Pasts=Your Possible Pasts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Gunner's_Dream=The Gunner's Dream
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don't_Forget_Your_Old_Shipmates=Don't Forget Your Old Shipmates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paranoid_Eyes=Paranoid Eyes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Southampton_Dock=Southampton Dock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/See-Saw_(song)=See-Saw (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robin_Hood's_Birth,_Breeding,_Valor,_and_Marriage=Robin Hood's Birth, Breeding, Valor, and Marriage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robin_Hood_and_the_Prince_of_Aragon=Robin Hood and the Prince of Aragon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Woman_Don't_You_Cry_for_Me=Woman Don't You Cry for Me
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dear_One=Dear One
http://dbpedia.org/resource/B-Boy_Bouillabaisse=B-Boy Bouillabaisse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mas_que_Nada=Mas que Nada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Knight_and_the_Shepherd's_Daughter=The Knight and the Shepherd's Daughter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Noble_Fisherman=The Noble Fisherman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_True_Tale_of_Robin_Hood=A True Tale of Robin Hood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/If_I_Didn't_Have_You=If I Didn't Have You
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robin_Hood_and_the_Scotchman=Robin Hood and the Scotchman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hey_Nana=Hey Nana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/10:15_Saturday_Night=10:15 Saturday Night
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Jolly_Beggar=The Jolly Beggar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Heard_Her_Call_My_Name=I Heard Her Call My Name
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Grey_Cock=The Grey Cock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Auld_Matrons=Auld Matrons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brown_Robin=Brown Robin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brown_Adam=Brown Adam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_Hurts=Love Hurts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lady_Godiva's_Operation=Lady Godiva's Operation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/White_Light/White_Heat_(song)=White Light/White Heat (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Pub_with_No_Beer=A Pub with No Beer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bailiff's_Daughter_of_Islington=The Bailiff's Daughter of Islington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Nut-Brown_Maid=The Nut-Brown Maid
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Znayu_Ya=Znayu Ya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_(John_Lennon_song)=Love (John Lennon song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Intermezzo_No._1=Intermezzo No. 1
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Erlinton=Erlinton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arrival_(composition)=Arrival (composition)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rednecks_(song)=Rednecks (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Young_Andrew=Young Andrew
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Clerk's_Twa_Sons_o_Owsenford=The Clerk's Twa Sons o Owsenford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Chain=The Chain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Talk_Tonight=Talk Tonight
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bonnie_George_Campbell=Bonnie George Campbell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lord_Maxwell's_Last_Goodnight=Lord Maxwell's Last Goodnight
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Queen_Elanor's_Confession=Queen Elanor's Confession
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lizie_Lindsay=Lizie Lindsay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bonny_Lizie_Baillie=Bonny Lizie Baillie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bonny_Bee_Hom=Bonny Bee Hom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Cruel_Brother=The Cruel Brother
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Babylon_(ballad)=Babylon (ballad)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/King_Henry_(song)=King Henry (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christopher_White_(ballad)=Christopher White (ballad)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Earl_Crawford=Earl Crawford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gimme_Shelter=Gimme Shelter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Hatley=James Hatley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Listen_with_Your_Heart=Listen with Your Heart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Learn_to_Fly_(a1_song)=Learn to Fly (a1 song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Villotta=Villotta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Katharine_Jaffray=Katharine Jaffray
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Knight's_Ghost=The Knight's Ghost
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Child_Owlet=Child Owlet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_False_Lover_Won_Back=The False Lover Won Back
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrew_Lammie=Andrew Lammie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saint_Stephen_and_Herod=Saint Stephen and Herod
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Carnal_and_the_Crane=The Carnal and the Crane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sir_James_the_Rose=Sir James the Rose
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Front_Back=Front Back
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Brown_Girl=The Brown Girl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walter_Lesly=Walter Lesly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dugall_Quin=Dugall Quin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Crafty_Farmer=The Crafty Farmer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Let's_Misbehave=Let's Misbehave
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Couch_Potato_(song)=Couch Potato (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jamie_Douglas_(song)=Jamie Douglas (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sugar_Blues_(song)=Sugar Blues (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Could_Have_Danced_All_Night=I Could Have Danced All Night
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bugeilio'r_Gwenith_Gwyn=Bugeilio'r Gwenith Gwyn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dafydd_y_Garreg_Wen=Dafydd y Garreg Wen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/(The_Same_Thing_Happens_with)_The_Birds_and_the_Bees=(The Same Thing Happens with) The Birds and the Bees
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Just_a_Gigolo_(song)=Just a Gigolo (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Balada_pro_pryntsesu=Balada pro pryntsesu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Where_or_When=Where or When
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Half_the_World_Away=Half the World Away
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deuce_(song)=Deuce (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Llangollen_Market=Llangollen Market
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Playing_in_the_Band=Playing in the Band
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Soul_Bossa_Nova=Soul Bossa Nova
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ti_Kwan_Leep=Ti Kwan Leep
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Great_Day_for_Freedom=A Great Day for Freedom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Like_Eating_Glass=Like Eating Glass
http://dbpedia.org/resource/This_Modern_Love=This Modern Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_15th=The 15th
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dead_Flowers_(The_Rolling_Stones_song)=Dead Flowers (The Rolling Stones song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Private_Joy=Private Joy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shake_Your_Pants=Shake Your Pants
http://dbpedia.org/resource/It's_All_Over_Now,_Baby_Blue=It's All Over Now, Baby Blue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bob_Dylan's_Dream=Bob Dylan's Dream
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chapter_24=Chapter 24
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Little_John_a_Begging=Little John a Begging
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don't_Let_Me_Be_Misunderstood=Don't Let Me Be Misunderstood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hail,_Hail,_the_Gang's_All_Here=Hail, Hail, the Gang's All Here
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Everybody_Knows_(Leonard_Cohen_song)=Everybody Knows (Leonard Cohen song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bob_Dylan's_Blues=Bob Dylan's Blues
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uncle_John's_Band=Uncle John's Band
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Be_Prepared_(song)=Be Prepared (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cyfri'r_Geifr=Cyfri'r Geifr
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scotch_&_Chocolate=Scotch & Chocolate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Back_Street_Girl=Back Street Girl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/No_Expectations=No Expectations
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sway_(The_Rolling_Stones_song)=Sway (The Rolling Stones song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Little_Poll_Parrot=Little Poll Parrot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Out_of_Time_(The_Rolling_Stones_song)=Out of Time (The Rolling Stones song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Please_Go_Home=Please Go Home
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ride_On,_Baby=Ride On, Baby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Connection_(The_Rolling_Stones_song)=Connection (The Rolling Stones song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yesterday's_Papers=Yesterday's Papers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Makin'_Whoopee=Makin' Whoopee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Someone_to_Watch_Over_Me_(song)=Someone to Watch Over Me (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bring_Your_Daughter..._to_the_Slaughter=Bring Your Daughter... to the Slaughter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/14_Years=14 Years
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jihad_(song)=Jihad (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/No_Surrender_(song)=No Surrender (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Broken_Arrow_(Buffalo_Springfield_song)=Broken Arrow (Buffalo Springfield song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mayonaise_(song)=Mayonaise (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_the_Evening=In the Evening
http://dbpedia.org/resource/This_Wheel's_on_Fire_(song)=This Wheel's on Fire (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sweet_Virginia=Sweet Virginia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taper_Jean_Girl=Taper Jean Girl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pistol_of_Fire=Pistol of Fire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/You_Made_Me_Love_You_(I_Didn't_Want_to_Do_It)=You Made Me Love You (I Didn't Want to Do It)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Murder_on_Music_Row=Murder on Music Row
http://dbpedia.org/resource/No_Time_(The_Guess_Who_song)=No Time (The Guess Who song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sugar_Town=Sugar Town
http://dbpedia.org/resource/(At_Your_Best)_You_Are_Love=(At Your Best) You Are Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Behind_the_Lines_(Genesis_song)=Behind the Lines (Genesis song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Judas_(ballad)=Judas (ballad)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pantala_Naga_Pampa=Pantala Naga Pampa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sorrow_(Pink_Floyd_song)=Sorrow (Pink Floyd song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Remember_You_(1941_song)=I Remember You (1941 song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Go_the_Distance=Go the Distance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Can't_You_Hear_Me_Knocking=Can't You Hear Me Knocking
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Halleluhwah=Halleluhwah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/What_Now_My_Love_(song)=What Now My Love (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Some_Girls_(The_Rolling_Stones_song)=Some Girls (The Rolling Stones song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Elements:_Fire=The Elements: Fire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I'll_Make_a_Man_Out_of_You=I'll Make a Man Out of You
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gude_Wallace=Gude Wallace
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Baffled_Knight=The Baffled Knight
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Eleven=The Eleven
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Token_of_My_Extreme=A Token of My Extreme
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parda_Hai_Parda=Parda Hai Parda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Help_Me_Make_It_Through_the_Night=Help Me Make It Through the Night
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fair_Mary_of_Wallington=Fair Mary of Wallington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Captain_Ward_and_the_Rainbow=Captain Ward and the Rainbow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_Song_(Tesla_song)=Love Song (Tesla song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Midnight_Rambler=Midnight Rambler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Top_of_the_World_(The_All-American_Rejects_song)=Top of the World (The All-American Rejects song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_George_Aloe_and_the_Sweepstake=The George Aloe and the Sweepstake
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cindy_(folk_song)=Cindy (folk song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heavy_Music=Heavy Music
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mogwai_Fear_Satan=Mogwai Fear Satan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Good_Rocking_Tonight=Good Rocking Tonight
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Far_East_Man=Far East Man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Factory_Girl_(The_Rolling_Stones_song)=Factory Girl (The Rolling Stones song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nazad,_nazad,_Kalino_mome=Nazad, nazad, Kalino mome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Space_Truckin'=Space Truckin'
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Onward_(song)=Onward (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/You_Lied=You Lied
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_West_Country_Damosel's_Complaint=The West Country Damosel's Complaint
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wylie_Wife_of_the_Hie_Toun_Hie=The Wylie Wife of the Hie Toun Hie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Beggar-Laddie=The Beggar-Laddie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don't_Fence_Me_In_(song)=Don't Fence Me In (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Corduroy_(song)=Corduroy (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Happy_Talk_(song)=Happy Talk (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Exhibit_13=Exhibit 13
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bonny_Lass_of_Anglesey=The Bonny Lass of Anglesey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glasgow_Peggie=Glasgow Peggie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Earl_of_Errol=The Earl of Errol
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wait_till_You_See_Her=Wait till You See Her
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Got_Nerve=I Got Nerve
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Got_the_Blues=I Got the Blues
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richie_Story=Richie Story
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lady_Diamond=Lady Diamond
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Willie's_Fatal_Visit=Willie's Fatal Visit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Hardy_(song)=John Hardy (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/So_Far_(song)=So Far (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Rose_of_England=The Rose of England
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Most_Beautiful_Girl_in_the_World_(1935_song)=The Most Beautiful Girl in the World (1935 song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gardening_at_Night=Gardening at Night
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Country_Feedback=Country Feedback
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Jolly_Pinder_of_Wakefield=The Jolly Pinder of Wakefield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dead_Horse_(song)=Dead Horse (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Castles_Made_of_Sand_(song)=Castles Made of Sand (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Twa_Brothers=The Twa Brothers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sir_Cawline=Sir Cawline
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benedictus_(Simon_&_Garfunkel_song)=Benedictus (Simon & Garfunkel song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brown_Robyn's_Confession=Brown Robyn's Confession
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bold_Pedlar_and_Robin_Hood=The Bold Pedlar and Robin Hood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dick_o_the_Cow=Dick o the Cow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lady_Maisry=Lady Maisry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Young_Earl_of_Essex's_Victory_over_the_Emperor_of_Germany=The Young Earl of Essex's Victory over the Emperor of Germany
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jock_the_Leg_and_the_Merry_Merchant=Jock the Leg and the Merry Merchant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Keach_i_the_Creel=The Keach i the Creel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Friar_in_the_Well=The Friar in the Well
http://dbpedia.org/resource/King_Edward_the_Fourth_and_a_Tanner_of_Tamworth=King Edward the Fourth and a Tanner of Tamworth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Only_Living_Boy_in_New_York=The Only Living Boy in New York
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Before_They_Make_Me_Run=Before They Make Me Run
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wherever_I_Lay_My_Hat_(That's_My_Home)=Wherever I Lay My Hat (That's My Home)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/This_Can't_Be_Love_(song)=This Can't Be Love (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hellfire_(song)=Hellfire (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goin'_Home_(The_Rolling_Stones_song)=Goin' Home (The Rolling Stones song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coming_Down_Again=Coming Down Again
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_with_Me=Live with Me
http://dbpedia.org/resource/This_Town_(Frank_Sinatra_song)=This Town (Frank Sinatra song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hail_Smiling_Morn=Hail Smiling Morn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cluck_Old_Hen=Cluck Old Hen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canada-I-O=Canada-I-O
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_Step_Closer_(U2_song)=One Step Closer (U2 song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/You_Got_the_Silver=You Got the Silver
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monkey_Man_(The_Rolling_Stones_song)=Monkey Man (The Rolling Stones song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moonlight_Mile_(song)=Moonlight Mile (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tuesday's_Gone=Tuesday's Gone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jersey_Girl_(song)=Jersey Girl (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/It's_Been_a_Long,_Long_Time=It's Been a Long, Long Time
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_More_I_See_You=The More I See You
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Proud_Lady_Margaret=Proud Lady Margaret
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Child_Maurice=Child Maurice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prince_Heathen=Prince Heathen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_King's_Dochter_Lady_Jean=The King's Dochter Lady Jean
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robyn_and_Gandeleyn=Robyn and Gandeleyn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Athole_Highlanders'_Farewell_to_Loch_Katrine=The Athole Highlanders' Farewell to Loch Katrine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wife_Wrapt_in_Wether's_Skin=The Wife Wrapt in Wether's Skin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Broughty_Wa's=Broughty Wa's
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alison_and_Willie=Alison and Willie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Will_Stewart_and_John=Will Stewart and John
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blancheflour_and_Jollyflorice=Blancheflour and Jollyflorice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Plastic_People=Plastic People
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bonnie_Annie=Bonnie Annie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/How_Insensitive=How Insensitive
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beware_of_Darkness_(song)=Beware of Darkness (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/It's_Only_Love=It's Only Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/When_It_Started=When It Started
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cigarettes_and_Chocolate_Milk=Cigarettes and Chocolate Milk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lady_Is_a_Tramp=The Lady Is a Tramp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/R_U_Still_in_2_It=R U Still in 2 It
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lads_of_Wamphray=The Lads of Wamphray
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Like_Herod=Like Herod
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Am_I_Evil%3F=Am I Evil?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lord_Baker_(song)=Lord Baker (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vaishnava_Jana_To=Vaishnava Jana To
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anything_She_Does=Anything She Does
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_Dressed_Up_for_School=All Dressed Up for School
http://dbpedia.org/resource/California_Feelin'=California Feelin'
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cindy,_Oh_Cindy=Cindy, Oh Cindy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Somebody_Loves_Me=Somebody Loves Me
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don't_Turn_Around=Don't Turn Around
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Two_Little_Boys=Two Little Boys
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Young_Johnstone=Young Johnstone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robin_Hood_and_the_Shepherd=Robin Hood and the Shepherd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robin_Hood_and_the_Pedlars=Robin Hood and the Pedlars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/When_You_Were_Mine_(Prince_song)=When You Were Mine (Prince song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Feel_Your_Love=Feel Your Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wade_in_the_Water=Wade in the Water
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Getting_to_Know_You_(song)=Getting to Know You (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moonshake_(song)=Moonshake (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Last_Stop=The Last Stop
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bitch_(The_Rolling_Stones_song)=Bitch (The Rolling Stones song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Moonshiner=The Moonshiner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diamonds_&_Rust_(song)=Diamonds & Rust (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lazy_(Deep_Purple_song)=Lazy (Deep Purple song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hello!_Ma_Baby=Hello! Ma Baby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Dreamed_a_Dream=I Dreamed a Dream
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Naima=Naima
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Soldiers_of_the_King=Soldiers of the King
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Young_Love_(1956_song)=Young Love (1956 song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/With_God_on_Our_Side=With God on Our Side
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hello,_Young_Lovers_(song)=Hello, Young Lovers (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/It's_Easy_to_Remember_(And_So_Hard_to_Forget)=It's Easy to Remember (And So Hard to Forget)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Papaya_Coconut_(song)=Papaya Coconut (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Won't_Say_(I'm_in_Love)=I Won't Say (I'm in Love)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Motorpsycho_Nitemare=Motorpsycho Nitemare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crying_Song=Crying Song
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Almost_Like_Being_in_Love=Almost Like Being in Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Burn_One_Down_(Ben_Harper_song)=Burn One Down (Ben Harper song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Auto_Rock=Auto Rock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hari_Tuma_Haro=Hari Tuma Haro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glasgow_Mega-Snake=Glasgow Mega-Snake
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Man_Comes_Around_(song)=The Man Comes Around (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wagon_Wheel_(song)=Wagon Wheel (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/You'll_Be_Mine_(Beatles_song)=You'll Be Mine (Beatles song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yoo_Doo_Right=Yoo Doo Right
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mushroom_(song)=Mushroom (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Halloween_(Dave_Matthews_Band_song)=Halloween (Dave Matthews Band song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/He's_Got_the_Whole_World_in_His_Hands=He's Got the Whole World in His Hands
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shock_Me=Shock Me
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Songs_My_Mother_Taught_Me_(Charles_Ives_song)=Songs My Mother Taught Me (Charles Ives song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Badenweiler_Marsch=Badenweiler Marsch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Into_Dust=Into Dust
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glorified_G=Glorified G
http://dbpedia.org/resource/W.M.A._(song)=W.M.A. (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elderly_Woman_Behind_the_Counter_in_a_Small_Town=Elderly Woman Behind the Counter in a Small Town
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hands_of_Death_(Burn_Baby_Burn)=Hands of Death (Burn Baby Burn)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Don't_Want_to_Talk_About_It=I Don't Want to Talk About It
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Name_Is_Jonas=My Name Is Jonas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mine_Again=Mine Again
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Only_in_Dreams_(song)=Only in Dreams (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Susanne_(song)=Susanne (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yes!_We_Have_No_Bananas=Yes! We Have No Bananas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/After_the_Gold_Rush_(song)=After the Gold Rush (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pretty_Tied_Up=Pretty Tied Up
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Way_Down_in_the_Hole=Way Down in the Hole
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Take_Me_Back_to_Dear_Old_Blighty=Take Me Back to Dear Old Blighty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I'm_a_Man_(Bo_Diddley_song)=I'm a Man (Bo Diddley song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Some_Girls_Are_Bigger_Than_Others=Some Girls Are Bigger Than Others
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marenariello=Marenariello
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indiscipline=Indiscipline
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rudie_Can't_Fail=Rudie Can't Fail
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lost_in_the_Supermarket=Lost in the Supermarket
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Take_Me_to_the_River=Take Me to the River
http://dbpedia.org/resource/That_Is_All_(song)=That Is All (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don't_Let_Me_Wait_Too_Long=Don't Let Me Wait Too Long
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sue_Me,_Sue_You_Blues=Sue Me, Sue You Blues
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Light_That_Has_Lighted_the_World=The Light That Has Lighted the World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Day_the_World_Gets_'Round=The Day the World Gets 'Round
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Who_Can_See_It=Who Can See It
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lord_Loves_the_One_(That_Loves_the_Lord)=The Lord Loves the One (That Loves the Lord)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Highland_Cathedral=Highland Cathedral
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Montana_(Frank_Zappa_song)=Montana (Frank Zappa song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/This_Jesus_Must_Die=This Jesus Must Die
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Have_You_Ever_Been_(To_Electric_Ladyland)=Have You Ever Been (To Electric Ladyland)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angels_in_the_Sky_(song)=Angels in the Sky (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/There_She_Goes_Again=There She Goes Again
http://dbpedia.org/resource/European_Son=European Son
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lenny_(instrumental)=Lenny (instrumental)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Citizen_Erased=Citizen Erased
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ekla_Chalo_Re=Ekla Chalo Re
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gower_Wassail=Gower Wassail
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_of_Me_(Ruth_Etting_song)=All of Me (Ruth Etting song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Born_(song)=Born (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Just_Can't_Wait_to_Be_King=I Just Can't Wait to Be King
http://dbpedia.org/resource/God_(John_Lennon_song)=God (John Lennon song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Starless=Starless
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Banned_from_Argo=Banned from Argo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chosen_One_(Smog_song)=Chosen One (Smog song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Remains_of_the_Day_(song)=Remains of the Day (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Test_Leper=New Test Leper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Drink_the_Water=Drink the Water
http://dbpedia.org/resource/It's_Easy_for_You=It's Easy for You
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ain't_Talkin'=Ain't Talkin'
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oh_My_God_(Guns_N'_Roses_song)=Oh My God (Guns N' Roses song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Young_at_Heart_(Bananarama_song)=Young at Heart (Bananarama song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Down_Yonder=Down Yonder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Plateau_(song)=Plateau (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jed_the_Humanoid=Jed the Humanoid
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ole_Bull_and_Old_Dan_Tucker=Ole Bull and Old Dan Tucker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/If_I_Loved_You=If I Loved You
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bridge_(Elton_John_song)=The Bridge (Elton John song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stream_of_Consciousness_(instrumental)=Stream of Consciousness (instrumental)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Desert_Rose_(Eric_Johnson_song)=Desert Rose (Eric Johnson song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ain't_No_Cure_for_Love=Ain't No Cure for Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clar_de_Track=Clar de Track
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walk_Along_John=Walk Along John
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sooner_or_Later_(Madonna_song)=Sooner or Later (Madonna song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kookaburra_(song)=Kookaburra (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kiss_the_Girl=Kiss the Girl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crackity_Jones=Crackity Jones
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Name_Is_Anthony_Gonsalves_(song)=My Name Is Anthony Gonsalves (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Instrumedley=Instrumedley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Three-minute_pop_song=Three-minute pop song
http://dbpedia.org/resource/(Love_Is)_The_Tender_Trap=(Love Is) The Tender Trap
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Weasel_Stomping_Day=Weasel Stomping Day
http://dbpedia.org/resource/We_All_Die_Young=We All Die Young
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Talkin'_New_York=Talkin' New York
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sons_of_the_Sea_(song)=Sons of the Sea (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don't_Get_Around_Much_Anymore=Don't Get Around Much Anymore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don't_Tread_on_Me_(Metallica_song)=Don't Tread on Me (Metallica song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Venus_in_Furs_(song)=Venus in Furs (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Freddie_Freeloader=Freddie Freeloader
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Evergreen_(Westlife_song)=Evergreen (Westlife song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Who_Shot_Ya%3F=Who Shot Ya?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mi_noche_triste=Mi noche triste
http://dbpedia.org/resource/When_You're_Smiling=When You're Smiling
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Calico_Skies=Calico Skies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/After_Hours_(The_Velvet_Underground_song)=After Hours (The Velvet Underground song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bandiera_Rossa=Bandiera Rossa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Around_and_Around=Around and Around
http://dbpedia.org/resource/List_of_folk_song_collections=List of folk song collections
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oj_Srbijo_mati=Oj Srbijo mati
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rock!_Rock!_(Till_You_Drop)=Rock! Rock! (Till You Drop)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/High_'n'_Dry_(Saturday_Night)=High 'n' Dry (Saturday Night)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jane_Says=Jane Says
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_Love_Again=In Love Again
http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_Country_Blues=North Country Blues
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Method_Man_(song)=Method Man (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tire_Me=Tire Me
http://dbpedia.org/resource/You've_Got_to_Be_Carefully_Taught=You've Got to Be Carefully Taught
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lords_of_Salem_(song)=The Lords of Salem (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/House_of_1000_Corpses_(song)=House of 1000 Corpses (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Just_Like_You_Imagined=Just Like You Imagined
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Enjoy_Being_a_Girl=I Enjoy Being a Girl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Biding_My_Time=Biding My Time
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pilgrim_Soul=Pilgrim Soul
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Snowblind_(Styx_song)=Snowblind (Styx song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Close_to_the_Edge_(song)=Close to the Edge (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Orange_and_the_Green=The Orange and the Green
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Siberian_Khatru=Siberian Khatru
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mile_Sur_Mera_Tumhara=Mile Sur Mera Tumhara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sixty_Minute_Man=Sixty Minute Man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Spectrum_Song=The Spectrum Song
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Wan'na_Be_Like_You_(The_Monkey_Song)=I Wan'na Be Like You (The Monkey Song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_World_Showcase_March=The World Showcase March
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wonderworld_Song=Wonderworld Song
http://dbpedia.org/resource/River_(Joni_Mitchell_song)=River (Joni Mitchell song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_a_Little_While=In a Little While
http://dbpedia.org/resource/No_Depression_in_Heaven=No Depression in Heaven
http://dbpedia.org/resource/This_Is_the_Record_of_John=This Is the Record of John
http://dbpedia.org/resource/12-Bar_Original=12-Bar Original
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rise_Up_(Vanessa_Amorosi_song)=Rise Up (Vanessa Amorosi song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Breadfan=Breadfan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Upgrade_U=Upgrade U
http://dbpedia.org/resource/We_Are_the_Storm=We Are the Storm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sea_of_Time=Sea of Time
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pepperland_(song)=Pepperland (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Embryo_(Pink_Floyd_song)=Embryo (Pink Floyd song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Little_Girl_Blue_(song)=Little Girl Blue (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manhattan_(song)=Manhattan (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Along_the_Road_to_Gundagai=Along the Road to Gundagai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brother_Where_You_Bound_(song)=Brother Where You Bound (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cirrus_Minor_(song)=Cirrus Minor (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Lost_My_Little_Girl=I Lost My Little Girl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mera_Naam_Chin_Chin_Chu=Mera Naam Chin Chin Chu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Malaysia_Forever=Malaysia Forever
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mariner's_Revenge_Song=The Mariner's Revenge Song
http://dbpedia.org/resource/El_Matador=El Matador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Footsteps_in_the_Dark=Footsteps in the Dark
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Look_of_Love_(1967_song)=The Look of Love (1967 song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oh_Very_Young=Oh Very Young
http://dbpedia.org/resource/If_You_Want_to_Sing_Out,_Sing_Out=If You Want to Sing Out, Sing Out
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Funny_Friend_and_Me=My Funny Friend and Me
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daddy's_Little_Girl=Daddy's Little Girl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Sort_of_Homecoming_(song)=A Sort of Homecoming (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peace_of_Mind/The_Candle_Burns=Peace of Mind/The Candle Burns
http://dbpedia.org/resource/You're_Nobody_till_Somebody_Loves_You=You're Nobody till Somebody Loves You
http://dbpedia.org/resource/War_with_God=War with God
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raisins_and_Almonds=Raisins and Almonds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Falling_in_Love_with_Love=Falling in Love with Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mimi_(song)=Mimi (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isn't_It_Romantic%3F=Isn't It Romantic?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Have_You_Met_Miss_Jones%3F=Have You Met Miss Jones?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Intro_(Gwar_song)=Intro (Gwar song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/War_Is_All_We_Know=War Is All We Know
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Murderer's_Muse=Murderer's Muse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/'S_Wonderful='S Wonderful
http://dbpedia.org/resource/If_This_Isn't_Love=If This Isn't Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_My_Country_There_Is_Problem=In My Country There Is Problem
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Up_the_Khyber=Up the Khyber
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quicksilver_(instrumental)=Quicksilver (instrumental)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mr._Radio_(song)=Mr. Radio (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Step_by_Step_(Annie_Lennox_song)=Step by Step (Annie Lennox song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mandrake_Root=Mandrake Root
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grieg's_Piano_Concerto_In_A_Minor_(song)=Grieg's Piano Concerto In A Minor (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samson_and_Delilah_(song)=Samson and Delilah (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/That_Means_a_Lot=That Means a Lot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cayenne_(instrumental)=Cayenne (instrumental)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alte_Kameraden=Alte Kameraden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tightrope_(Electric_Light_Orchestra_song)=Tightrope (Electric Light Orchestra song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/World_of_Stone=World of Stone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I'm_So_Bored_with_the_USA=I'm So Bored with the USA
http://dbpedia.org/resource/We're_Going_Wrong=We're Going Wrong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rebel_Heart_(The_Corrs_song)=Rebel Heart (The Corrs song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/It's_Alright,_Ma_(I'm_Only_Bleeding)=It's Alright, Ma (I'm Only Bleeding)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_Heaven=In Heaven
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Silver_Swan_(song)=The Silver Swan (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Penn_State_Alma_Mater=Penn State Alma Mater
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yes!_I_Am_a_Long_Way_from_Home=Yes! I Am a Long Way from Home
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fight_On,_State=Fight On, State
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Glen=The Glen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crazy_Rhythm=Crazy Rhythm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eremwu_eu=Eremwu eu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Only_Wish_(This_Year)=My Only Wish (This Year)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Good_Ship_Venus=Good Ship Venus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shout_at_the_Devil_(song)=Shout at the Devil (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Of_Angels_and_Angles=Of Angels and Angles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hyacinth_House=Hyacinth House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Can't_Give_You_Anything_but_Love,_Baby=I Can't Give You Anything but Love, Baby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Not_This_Year=Not This Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Got_to_Be_Free=Got to Be Free
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dum_Maro_Dum_(song)=Dum Maro Dum (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Grand_Vizier's_Garden_Party=The Grand Vizier's Garden Party
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Supawoman=Supawoman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Spanish_Piece=A Spanish Piece
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dramatic_Theme=Dramatic Theme
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tremor_Christ=Tremor Christ
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Red_Mosquito=Red Mosquito
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_Hiding=In Hiding
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Once_(Pearl_Jam_song)=Once (Pearl Jam song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Little_Donkey=Little Donkey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Every_Grain_of_Sand=Every Grain of Sand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Are_You_Hung_Up%3F=Are You Hung Up?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Who_Needs_the_Peace_Corps%3F=Who Needs the Peace Corps?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ode_to_the_Republic_of_China=Ode to the Republic of China
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blood_on_Blood=Blood on Blood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indian_Sunset=Indian Sunset
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pastime_Paradise=Pastime Paradise
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Merrily_We_Roll_Along_(song)=Merrily We Roll Along (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/We_Are_Here_to_Change_the_World=We Are Here to Change the World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walter's_Walk=Walter's Walk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bonzo's_Montreux=Bonzo's Montreux
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Darlene_(Led_Zeppelin_song)=Darlene (Led Zeppelin song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Stone_(Dave_Matthews_Band_song)=The Stone (Dave Matthews Band song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pig_(song)=Pig (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spoon_(Dave_Matthews_Band_song)=Spoon (Dave Matthews Band song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/If_You're_Not_Famous_at_Fourteen,_You're_Finished=If You're Not Famous at Fourteen, You're Finished
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Gates_of_Delirium=The Gates of Delirium
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dominick_the_Donkey=Dominick the Donkey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Shall_Be_Released=I Shall Be Released
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ocean_Man=Ocean Man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Green_Is_the_Colour=Green Is the Colour
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wicked_Garden=Wicked Garden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Poor_Tom=Poor Tom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Billericay_Dickie=Billericay Dickie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cross-Eyed_Mary=Cross-Eyed Mary
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fool's_Overture=Fool's Overture
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Asleep_in_the_Deep_(song)=Asleep in the Deep (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kolyadka=Kolyadka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Community_Trolls=Community Trolls
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Do-Re-Mi=Do-Re-Mi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/He_Gives_Us_All_His_Love=He Gives Us All His Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Computer_Blue=Computer Blue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Say_Yeah!:_Motto_Miracle_Night=Say Yeah!: Motto Miracle Night
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hallelujah!_(gospel_song)=Hallelujah! (gospel song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bebot=Bebot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christmas_(Baby_Please_Come_Home)=Christmas (Baby Please Come Home)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Call_Me_the_Breeze=Call Me the Breeze
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Carpal_Tunnel_of_Love=The Carpal Tunnel of Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angel_Baby_(song)=Angel Baby (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Foolish_Lullaby=Foolish Lullaby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heffalumps_and_Woozles=Heffalumps and Woozles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tunak_Tunak_Tun=Tunak Tunak Tun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sleeping_with_Ghosts_(song)=Sleeping with Ghosts (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Song_for_Clay_(Disappear_Here)=Song for Clay (Disappear Here)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Defying_Gravity_(song)=Defying Gravity (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ain't_She_Sweet=Ain't She Sweet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isolation_(John_Lennon_song)=Isolation (John Lennon song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hip_Hip_Pooh-Ray!=Hip Hip Pooh-Ray!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Up,_Down_and_Touch_the_Ground=Up, Down and Touch the Ground
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_1st_Song=My 1st Song
http://dbpedia.org/resource/What_More_Can_I_Say=What More Can I Say
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lonely_Goatherd=The Lonely Goatherd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mr._Soul=Mr. Soul
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shoot_High_Aim_Low=Shoot High Aim Low
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Say_Yes_(Elliott_Smith_song)=Say Yes (Elliott Smith song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Encore_(Jay-Z_song)=Encore (Jay-Z song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Beautiful_Briny=The Beautiful Briny
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Slow_Cheetah=Slow Cheetah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charlie_(song)=Charlie (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marcia_Carolus_Rex=Marcia Carolus Rex
http://dbpedia.org/resource/For_Good=For Good
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Finale_B=Finale B
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Readymade_(Red_Hot_Chili_Peppers_song)=Readymade (Red Hot Chili Peppers song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/When_the_Music's_Over=When the Music's Over
http://dbpedia.org/resource/On_the_Silent_Wings_of_Freedom=On the Silent Wings of Freedom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Brazilian=The Brazilian
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Absolutely_Free_(song)=Absolutely Free (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/That's_Right_(Ciara_song)=That's Right (Ciara song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_the_City_(Joe_Walsh_song)=In the City (Joe Walsh song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kajra_Re=Kajra Re
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chloe_Dancer/Crown_of_Thorns=Chloe Dancer/Crown of Thorns
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shambala_(song)=Shambala (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Soldier_(Neil_Young_song)=Soldier (Neil Young song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bitches_Ain't_Shit=Bitches Ain't Shit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jesus_Wants_Me_for_a_Sunbeam=Jesus Wants Me for a Sunbeam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don't_Let_It_Bring_You_Down=Don't Let It Bring You Down
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lord,_I_Lift_Your_Name_on_High=Lord, I Lift Your Name on High
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Big_Man_on_Mulberry_Street=Big Man on Mulberry Street
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Twelve_Days_of_Christmas_(song)=The Twelve Days of Christmas (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Song_to_Woody=Song to Woody
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Into_White=Into White
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Peeler_and_the_Goat=The Peeler and the Goat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christmas_on_the_Sea=Christmas on the Sea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Seven_Joys_of_Mary_(carol)=The Seven Joys of Mary (carol)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Down_in_Yon_Forest=Down in Yon Forest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pearly_Shells=Pearly Shells
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Endless_Dream=Endless Dream
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barnacle_Bill_(song)=Barnacle Bill (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Darlin'_Cory=Darlin' Cory
http://dbpedia.org/resource/If_I_Didn't_Care=If I Didn't Care
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leather-Winged_Bat=Leather-Winged Bat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Gray_(song)=Peter Gray (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Know_Where_I'm_Going_(song)=I Know Where I'm Going (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wee_Cooper_O'Fife=Wee Cooper O'Fife
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rock_Island_Line=Rock Island Line
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ne_me_quitte_pas=Ne me quitte pas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nella_Fantasia=Nella Fantasia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Golden_Slumbers=Golden Slumbers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paper_Doll_(song)=Paper Doll (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Captain_Jack_(Billy_Joel_song)=Captain Jack (Billy Joel song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/She_Belongs_to_Me=She Belongs to Me
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ground_Beneath_Her_Feet_(song)=The Ground Beneath Her Feet (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gabriel's_Oboe=Gabriel's Oboe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Memory_Motel=Memory Motel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flamenco_Sketches=Flamenco Sketches
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_Big_Holiday=One Big Holiday
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Little_Eyes=Little Eyes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spanish_Harlem_Incident=Spanish Harlem Incident
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blue_in_Green=Blue in Green
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Six_Degrees_of_Inner_Turbulence_(song)=Six Degrees of Inner Turbulence (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bard_of_Armagh=The Bard of Armagh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Welcome_to_This_World=Welcome to This World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lemon_Tree_(Will_Holt_song)=Lemon Tree (Will Holt song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gimme_Some_Truth=Gimme Some Truth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tell_Me_Why_(Neil_Young_song)=Tell Me Why (Neil Young song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Waterboy_(song)=Waterboy (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pledging_My_Time=Pledging My Time
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flying_Home=Flying Home
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crippled_Inside=Crippled Inside
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Girl_from_the_North_Country=Girl from the North Country
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madagascar_(song)=Madagascar (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tomorrow_(A_Better_You,_Better_Me)=Tomorrow (A Better You, Better Me)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Not_a_Criminal=Not a Criminal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Runnin'_from_tha_Police=Runnin' from tha Police
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Epitaph_(song)=Epitaph (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moonchild_(King_Crimson_song)=Moonchild (King Crimson song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dodger_Song=The Dodger Song
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Feller_from_Fortune=Feller from Fortune
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fallen_Angel_(King_Crimson_song)=Fallen Angel (King Crimson song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_More_Red_Nightmare=One More Red Nightmare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/To_Ramona=To Ramona
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_Minus_Zero/No_Limit=Love Minus Zero/No Limit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Here_She_Comes_Now=Here She Comes Now
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Garden_of_Allah_(song)=The Garden of Allah (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Third_Stone_from_the_Sun=Third Stone from the Sun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Salt_of_the_Earth_(song)=Salt of the Earth (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lost_in_the_World=Lost in the World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friends_to_Go=Friends to Go
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Don't_Play_That=I Don't Play That
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Suffolk_Miracle=The Suffolk Miracle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lang_Johnny_More=Lang Johnny More
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sister_Disco=Sister Disco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lord_of_the_Thighs=Lord of the Thighs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sleep_Walk=Sleep Walk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swallow_My_Pride=Swallow My Pride
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Power_and_the_Glory=Power and the Glory
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Junk_(song)=Junk (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Party_Sequence=Party Sequence
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Redondo_Beach_(song)=Redondo Beach (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_the_Way_My_Savior_Leads_Me=All the Way My Savior Leads Me
http://dbpedia.org/resource/More_Blues=More Blues
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Friendly_Beasts=The Friendly Beasts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stray_Cat_Blues=Stray Cat Blues
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caravan_(Van_Morrison_song)=Caravan (Van Morrison song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/She_Wants_You=She Wants You
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Superheroes_of_BMX=Superheroes of BMX
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nobody's_Fault=Nobody's Fault
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Big_Generator_(song)=Big Generator (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ecstasy_of_Gold=The Ecstasy of Gold
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ticklish_Reuben=Ticklish Reuben
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Good_Time_Boys=Good Time Boys
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Warehouse_(song)=Warehouse (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Highway_Patrolman=Highway Patrolman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fire_on_the_Mountain_(song)=Fire on the Mountain (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Please,_Please,_Please,_Let_Me_Get_What_I_Want=Please, Please, Please, Let Me Get What I Want
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lacrymosa_(song)=Lacrymosa (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vegetable_Man=Vegetable Man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Solution_(song)=The Solution (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sugar_Baby_(Bob_Dylan_song)=Sugar Baby (Bob Dylan song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kate_Dalrymple=Kate Dalrymple
http://dbpedia.org/resource/High_Water_(For_Charley_Patton)=High Water (For Charley Patton)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mississippi_(Bob_Dylan_song)=Mississippi (Bob Dylan song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mediterranean_Sundance=Mediterranean Sundance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uleg-Khem=Uleg-Khem
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don't_Make_Promises=Don't Make Promises
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Little_Man,_What_Now%3F_(song)=Little Man, What Now? (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angel,_Angel_Down_We_Go_Together=Angel, Angel Down We Go Together
http://dbpedia.org/resource/You_Ain't_Goin'_Nowhere=You Ain't Goin' Nowhere
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Late_Night,_Maudlin_Street=Late Night, Maudlin Street
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ordinary_Boys_(song)=The Ordinary Boys (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ballad_of_a_Well-Known_Gun=Ballad of a Well-Known Gun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manic_Depression_(song)=Manic Depression (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elijah_Rock=Elijah Rock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thank_You_Jack=Thank You Jack
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Call_of_the_Wintermoon=The Call of the Wintermoon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Same_Old_Song_and_Dance=Same Old Song and Dance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bird_Flu_(song)=Bird Flu (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Movin'_On_(Elliott_Yamin_song)=Movin' On (Elliott Yamin song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Run_Run_Run_(The_Velvet_Underground_song)=Run Run Run (The Velvet Underground song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Finger_Lickin'_Good_(song)=Finger Lickin' Good (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dives_and_Lazarus_(ballad)=Dives and Lazarus (ballad)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Whipping_Post_(song)=Whipping Post (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hyper-Insomnia-Para-Condroid=Hyper-Insomnia-Para-Condroid
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Porch_(Pearl_Jam_song)=Porch (Pearl Jam song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rearviewmirror=Rearviewmirror
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nothingman=Nothingman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grievance_(song)=Grievance (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Favorite_Girl=Favorite Girl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carousel_(Blink-182_song)=Carousel (Blink-182 song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Skyline_Pigeon=Skyline Pigeon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Burn_Down_the_Mission=Burn Down the Mission
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mona_Lisas_and_Mad_Hatters=Mona Lisas and Mad Hatters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hier_Encore=Hier Encore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_You_I_Do=Love You I Do
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patience_(Dreamgirls_song)=Patience (Dreamgirls song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blue_Sky_(song)=Blue Sky (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silly_Ho=Silly Ho
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Far_Away_Eyes=Far Away Eyes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stephen,_Stephen=Stephen, Stephen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Little_T&A=Little T&A
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Woman_in_Love=A Woman in Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brown_Shoes_Don't_Make_It=Brown Shoes Don't Make It
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spanish_Fly_(instrumental)=Spanish Fly (instrumental)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Way_Back_into_Love=Way Back into Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heart_of_the_Sunrise=Heart of the Sunrise
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Died_(song)=Died (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wearing_and_Tearing=Wearing and Tearing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/5/4_(Gorillaz_song)=5/4 (Gorillaz song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I've_Been_Waiting_for_You_(ABBA_song)=I've Been Waiting for You (ABBA song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Choucoune_(song)=Choucoune (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Something_Special_(song)=Something Special (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Revelations_(Santana_song)=Revelations (Santana song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cyprus_Avenue=Cyprus Avenue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/'Tis_Harry_I'm_Plannin'_to_Marry='Tis Harry I'm Plannin' to Marry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fischia_il_vento=Fischia il vento
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Firth_of_Fifth=Firth of Fifth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bring_on_the_Lucie_(Freeda_Peeple)=Bring on the Lucie (Freeda Peeple)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dva_Puti,_Dva_Shliakhy=Dva Puti, Dva Shliakhy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Conversation_Is...=The Conversation Is...
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flowers_Are_Red=Flowers Are Red
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Best_Is_Yet_to_Come=The Best Is Yet to Come
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Digital_Bath=Digital Bath
http://dbpedia.org/resource/San_Francisco_Bay_Blues=San Francisco Bay Blues
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ralph_Wiggum_(song)=Ralph Wiggum (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_Is_a_Rose=Love Is a Rose
http://dbpedia.org/resource/State_of_Love_and_Trust=State of Love and Trust
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Breath_(Pearl_Jam_song)=Breath (Pearl Jam song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Got_Id=I Got Id
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heart_of_a_Champion_(song)=Heart of a Champion (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thumbing_My_Way=Thumbing My Way
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Just_Another_Story=Just Another Story
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jerusalem_On_High=Jerusalem On High
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peace_in_the_Valley=Peace in the Valley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bartender_(Dave_Matthews_Band_song)=Bartender (Dave Matthews Band song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ozone_Baby=Ozone Baby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sugaree=Sugaree
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I'm_Free_(The_Rolling_Stones_song)=I'm Free (The Rolling Stones song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heartattack_and_Vine_(song)=Heartattack and Vine (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Forget_Him=Forget Him
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cowgirl_in_the_Sand=Cowgirl in the Sand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/It's_the_Same_Old_Shillelagh=It's the Same Old Shillelagh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/How_I_Got_Over=How I Got Over
http://dbpedia.org/resource/August_30th_(song)=August 30th (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Livin'_in_the_Fridge=Livin' in the Fridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beauty_of_the_Beast=Beauty of the Beast
http://dbpedia.org/resource/So_Fine_(Electric_Light_Orchestra_song)=So Fine (Electric Light Orchestra song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Part_of_Your_World=Part of Your World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trapped_in_the_Drive-Thru=Trapped in the Drive-Thru
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Magnificent_(song)=The Magnificent (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beatles_Forever=Beatles Forever
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Do_I_Creep_You_Out=Do I Creep You Out
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Night_Prowler_(song)=Night Prowler (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baby_I'm_a_Star=Baby I'm a Star
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Talk_Soup_(song)=Talk Soup (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Biggest_Ball_of_Twine_in_Minnesota=The Biggest Ball of Twine in Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lux_Aeterna_(song)=Lux Aeterna (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hickory_Wind=Hickory Wind
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mere_Sapno_Ki_Rani=Mere Sapno Ki Rani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Three_Stars_(song)=Three Stars (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fight,_Raiders,_Fight=Fight, Raiders, Fight
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carmelita_(song)=Carmelita (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ghost_Song=The Ghost Song
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brother_(Pearl_Jam_song)=Brother (Pearl Jam song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Voltarei=Voltarei
http://dbpedia.org/resource/2_Rights_Make_1_Wrong=2 Rights Make 1 Wrong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Claw_(song)=Claw (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/It's_a_Hap-Hap-Happy_Day=It's a Hap-Hap-Happy Day
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Why_Don't_We_Get_Drunk=Why Don't We Get Drunk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Have_a_Cuppa_Tea=Have a Cuppa Tea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_List_of_Generals=The List of Generals
http://dbpedia.org/resource/White_Mountain_(song)=White Mountain (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Boys_of_Wexford=The Boys of Wexford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/(I'm_Not_Your)_Steppin'_Stone=(I'm Not Your) Steppin' Stone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chikku_Bukku_Rayile=Chikku Bukku Rayile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Star_Collector=Star Collector
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Larks'_Tongues_in_Aspic_(instrumental)=Larks' Tongues in Aspic (instrumental)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/L.A._(Neil_Young_song)=L.A. (Neil Young song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/It's_Wonderful=It's Wonderful
http://dbpedia.org/resource/32_Flavors=32 Flavors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elvis_Presley_and_America=Elvis Presley and America
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Singin'_in_the_Bathtub=Singin' in the Bathtub
http://dbpedia.org/resource/If_You_Can_Dream=If You Can Dream
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flaws_and_All=Flaws and All
http://dbpedia.org/resource/War_All_the_Time_(song)=War All the Time (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Funny_Face_(1927_song)=Funny Face (1927 song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strange_Days_(The_Doors_song)=Strange Days (The Doors song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crash_and_Burn_Girl=Crash and Burn Girl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Where_Could_He_Be%3F=Where Could He Be?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Superman_(Lazlo_Bane_song)=Superman (Lazlo Bane song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Belfast_(Elton_John_song)=Belfast (Elton John song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thou_Swell=Thou Swell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Now_You're_Taken=Now You're Taken
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wunderkind_(song)=Wunderkind (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Add_It_Up=Add It Up
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blue_American=Blue American
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keep_Your_Heart_Broken=Keep Your Heart Broken
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Still_Standing_(Monica_song)=Still Standing (Monica song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Autumn_in_New_York_(song)=Autumn in New York (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oh_Yoko!=Oh Yoko!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maggot_Brain_(song)=Maggot Brain (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sheltering_Sky_(song)=The Sheltering Sky (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Discipline_(instrumental)=Discipline (instrumental)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/And_It_Stoned_Me=And It Stoned Me
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saint_Dominic's_Preview_(song)=Saint Dominic's Preview (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Almost_Independence_Day=Almost Independence Day
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Listen_to_the_Lion=Listen to the Lion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kids_of_the_Black_Hole=Kids of the Black Hole
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gospel_Plow=Gospel Plow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mary_Don't_You_Weep=Mary Don't You Weep
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I'm_So_Glad=I'm So Glad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kaleohano=Kaleohano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ekolu_Mea_Nui=Ekolu Mea Nui
http://dbpedia.org/resource/We_Are_Climbing_Jacob's_Ladder=We Are Climbing Jacob's Ladder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Come_On_in_My_Kitchen=Come On in My Kitchen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Soma_(song)=Soma (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Old_Settler's_Song_(Acres_of_Clams)=Old Settler's Song (Acres of Clams)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/No_Good_Deed_(song)=No Good Deed (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/If_I_Was_Your_Vampire=If I Was Your Vampire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_General_(song)=The General (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seasons_of_Wither=Seasons of Wither
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Conquistador_(Procol_Harum_song)=Conquistador (Procol Harum song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_One_That_Got_Away_(Natasha_Bedingfield_song)=The One That Got Away (Natasha Bedingfield song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/It_Isn't_Fair=It Isn't Fair
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Country_Gardens=Country Gardens
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Death_at_the_Chapel=Death at the Chapel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/34_(song)=34 (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ovvoru_Pookalume=Ovvoru Pookalume
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Play_with_Fire_(The_Rolling_Stones_song)=Play with Fire (The Rolling Stones song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heart_Beat,_Pig_Meat=Heart Beat, Pig Meat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Spider_and_the_Fly_(song)=The Spider and the Fly (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shine_a_Light_(The_Rolling_Stones_song)=Shine a Light (The Rolling Stones song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Guess_I_Like_It_Like_That=I Guess I Like It Like That
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vavoom:_Ted_the_Mechanic=Vavoom: Ted the Mechanic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hurt_Me_Soul=Hurt Me Soul
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Suga_Mama=Suga Mama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/This_Is_a_Low=This Is a Low
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Get_Some_(Chevelle_song)=Get Some (Chevelle song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sweet_Thing_(Van_Morrison_song)=Sweet Thing (Van Morrison song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/(I_Love_You)_For_Sentimental_Reasons=(I Love You) For Sentimental Reasons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/When_the_Whip_Comes_Down=When the Whip Comes Down
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Delilah_(The_Dresden_Dolls_song)=Delilah (The Dresden Dolls song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack_Monroe_(song)=Jack Monroe (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Time_Waits_for_No_One_(song)=Time Waits for No One (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Now_and_Then_(John_Lennon_song)=Now and Then (John Lennon song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/You_Will_Be_My_Ain_True_Love=You Will Be My Ain True Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ignoreland=Ignoreland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Irish_Heartbeat_(song)=Irish Heartbeat (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St_Mark_Passion_(Wood)=St Mark Passion (Wood)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ballad_of_Curtis_Loew=The Ballad of Curtis Loew
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_Tears=Black Tears
http://dbpedia.org/resource/We_Could_Be_So_Good_Together=We Could Be So Good Together
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Up_to_the_Mountain_(MLK_Song)=Up to the Mountain (MLK Song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wonderful_Remark=Wonderful Remark
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Honolulu_City_Lights=Honolulu City Lights
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Une_Vie_D'amour=Une Vie D'amour
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ages_of_You=Ages of You
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Call_Me_Irresponsible=Call Me Irresponsible
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Soul_Sacrifice=Soul Sacrifice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Never_Before,_Never_Again=Never Before, Never Again
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Hope_That_Somethin'_Better_Comes_Along=I Hope That Somethin' Better Comes Along
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I'm_Going_to_Go_Back_There_Someday=I'm Going to Go Back There Someday
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grow_Old_with_Me=Grow Old with Me
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hope_(instrumental)=Hope (instrumental)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Malignant_Narcissism_(instrumental)=Malignant Narcissism (instrumental)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Great_Compromise_(song)=The Great Compromise (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Soft_Parade_(song)=The Soft Parade (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/China_Cat_Sunflower=China Cat Sunflower
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Main_Monkey_Business=The Main Monkey Business
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Octavarium_(song)=Octavarium (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_Ain't_for_Keeping=Love Ain't for Keeping
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ezekiel_Saw_the_Wheel=Ezekiel Saw the Wheel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/When_I_Kissed_the_Teacher=When I Kissed the Teacher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Socialism_is_Good=Socialism is Good
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Please_Don't_Touch_My_Birdie=Please Don't Touch My Birdie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Met_a_Little_Girl=I Met a Little Girl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anna's_Song=Anna's Song
http://dbpedia.org/resource/When_Did_You_Stop_Loving_Me,_When_Did_I_Stop_Loving_You=When Did You Stop Loving Me, When Did I Stop Loving You
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Remember_(John_Lennon_song)=Remember (John Lennon song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/T.B._Sheets=T.B. Sheets
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Found_Out=I Found Out
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Don't_Live_Today=I Don't Live Today
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hair_(Hair_song)=Hair (Hair song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/We_Go_Together_(song)=We Go Together (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hey_You_(Madonna_song)=Hey You (Madonna song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Little_by_Little_(The_Rolling_Stones_song)=Little by Little (The Rolling Stones song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Good,_the_Bad_&_the_Queen_(song)=The Good, the Bad & the Queen (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scream_in_Blue_(song)=Scream in Blue (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/4st_7lb=4st 7lb
http://dbpedia.org/resource/How_Long_Has_This_Been_Going_On%3F=How Long Has This Been Going On?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Horse_Latitudes_(song)=Horse Latitudes (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Half_a_Photograph=Half a Photograph
http://dbpedia.org/resource/'The_Half_of_It,_Dearie'_Blues='The Half of It, Dearie' Blues
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chasing_Sheep_Is_Best_Left_to_Shepherds=Chasing Sheep Is Best Left to Shepherds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Here,_My_Dear_(song)=Here, My Dear (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Is_That_Enough=Is That Enough
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Everybody_Needs_Love_(Marvin_Gaye_song)=Everybody Needs Love (Marvin Gaye song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Time_to_Get_It_Together=Time to Get It Together
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sparrow_(song)=Sparrow (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/You_Can_Leave,_but_It's_Going_to_Cost_You=You Can Leave, but It's Going to Cost You
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Falling_in_Love_Again_(Marvin_Gaye_song)=Falling in Love Again (Marvin Gaye song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Butse_Kik=Butse Kik
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anesthetize=Anesthetize
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sentimental_(Porcupine_Tree_song)=Sentimental (Porcupine Tree song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/To_Be_Young,_Gifted_and_Black=To Be Young, Gifted and Black
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sleep_Tonight=Sleep Tonight
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Food_for_Thought_(song)=Food for Thought (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Dawn_Fades=New Dawn Fades
http://dbpedia.org/resource/On_with_the_Show_(song)=On with the Show (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/America_Drinks_&_Goes_Home=America Drinks & Goes Home
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Geschwisterliebe=Geschwisterliebe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mississippi_Goddam=Mississippi Goddam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miss_Misery=Miss Misery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fingerprint_File=Fingerprint File
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Schunder-Song=Schunder-Song
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scream_Thy_Last_Scream=Scream Thy Last Scream
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elke=Elke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moonlight_Serenade=Moonlight Serenade
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Swiss_Maid=The Swiss Maid
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taiwan_Is_Good=Taiwan Is Good
http://dbpedia.org/resource/No_Way_to_Stop_It=No Way to Stop It
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raunchy_(instrumental)=Raunchy (instrumental)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Conquest_(song)=Conquest (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ships_Are_Sailing=Ships Are Sailing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fortuna_desperata=Fortuna desperata
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Star_69_(song)=Star 69 (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/No_One_Mourns_the_Wicked=No One Mourns the Wicked
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hunting_the_Hun=Hunting the Hun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Slippin'_and_Slidin'=Slippin' and Slidin'
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fors_seulement=Fors seulement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pluto_(song)=Pluto (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Salaam_(song)=Salaam (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/These_Days_(Powderfinger_song)=These Days (Powderfinger song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steamroller_Blues=Steamroller Blues
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eight_Days_a_Week=Eight Days a Week
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Close_but_No_Cigar=Close but No Cigar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Somebody's_Trying_to_Tell_Me_Something=Somebody's Trying to Tell Me Something
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Kinder_Eye=A Kinder Eye
http://dbpedia.org/resource/If_You_Were_Mine_(Level_42_song)=If You Were Mine (Level 42 song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taylor_the_Latte_Boy=Taylor the Latte Boy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robin_Hood_and_Maid_Marian=Robin Hood and Maid Marian
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vidovdan_(song)=Vidovdan (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Eraser_(song)=The Eraser (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hide_and_Seek_(Namie_Amuro_song)=Hide and Seek (Namie Amuro song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Go_(Moby_song)=Go (Moby song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/While_Your_Lips_Are_Still_Red=While Your Lips Are Still Red
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hawaiian_Wedding_Song=Hawaiian Wedding Song
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Top_of_the_World_(Dixie_Chicks_song)=Top of the World (Dixie Chicks song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/De_tous_biens_plaine=De tous biens plaine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Be_Here_Now_(song)=Be Here Now (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Du_tout_plongiet=Du tout plongiet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Twelfth_Street_Rag=Twelfth Street Rag
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doomsday_Clock_(song)=Doomsday Clock (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Drowned_(song)=Drowned (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/You_Are_(Pearl_Jam_song)=You Are (Pearl Jam song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cruisin'_the_Streets=Cruisin' the Streets
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I'm_in_Love_with_a_Wonderful_Guy=I'm in Love with a Wonderful Guy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tuxedo_Junction=Tuxedo Junction
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Powderworks_(song)=Powderworks (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Happy_Holiday_(song)=Happy Holiday (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Allez_regrets=Allez regrets
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sanctity_of_Brothers=Sanctity of Brothers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/That's_When_I_Reach_for_My_Revolver=That's When I Reach for My Revolver
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pale_Blue_Eyes=Pale Blue Eyes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Dream_(Casting_Crowns_song)=American Dream (Casting Crowns song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cornkister=Cornkister
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boris_(song)=Boris (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Suzy_Snowflake=Suzy Snowflake
http://dbpedia.org/resource/When_I_Look_at_the_World=When I Look at the World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/You_Keep_Coming_Back_Like_a_Song=You Keep Coming Back Like a Song
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ocean_(U2_song)=The Ocean (U2 song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Till_the_Next_Goodbye=Till the Next Goodbye
http://dbpedia.org/resource/We're_All_Alone=We're All Alone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dignity_(Bob_Dylan_song)=Dignity (Bob Dylan song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dancing_with_Mr._D=Dancing with Mr. D
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hooray_for_Love_(song)=Hooray for Love (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rip_This_Joint=Rip This Joint
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Get_Happy_(song)=Get Happy (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yesterdays_(1933_song)=Yesterdays (1933 song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Attitude_Song=The Attitude Song
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Genki_o_Dashite=Genki o Dashite
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Might_Have_Been_Queen=I Might Have Been Queen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Just_Good_Friends_(song)=Just Good Friends (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Move_Over=Move Over
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mary_Mack_(folk_song)=Mary Mack (folk song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angel_from_Montgomery=Angel from Montgomery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1983..._(A_Merman_I_Should_Turn_to_Be)=1983... (A Merman I Should Turn to Be)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ai_No_Corrida_(song)=Ai No Corrida (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Fellow_Needs_a_Girl=A Fellow Needs a Girl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hello,_My_Lover,_Goodbye=Hello, My Lover, Goodbye
http://dbpedia.org/resource/California_Soul=California Soul
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Life_is_for_Learning=Life is for Learning
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_Party=Love Party
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Far_Cry_(Marvin_Gaye_song)=Far Cry (Marvin Gaye song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_Me_Now_or_Love_Me_Later=Love Me Now or Love Me Later
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_Our_Lifetime_(Marvin_Gaye_song)=In Our Lifetime (Marvin Gaye song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Come_Live_with_Me_Angel=Come Live with Me Angel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Feel_All_My_Love_Inside=Feel All My Love Inside
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_the_Way_Round=All the Way Round
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Soon_I'll_Be_Loving_You_Again=Soon I'll Be Loving You Again
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Here_in_My_Arms=Here in My Arms
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fire_It_Up_(Modest_Mouse_song)=Fire It Up (Modest Mouse song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Way_Young_Lovers_Do=The Way Young Lovers Do
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Like_to_Recognize_the_Tune=I Like to Recognize the Tune
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sing_for_Your_Supper=Sing for Your Supper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rock_and_Roll,_Hoochie_Koo=Rock and Roll, Hoochie Koo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Turn_It_Up_(Brandy_song)=Turn It Up (Brandy song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Valentine_(Lloyd_song)=Valentine (Lloyd song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ballerina_(Van_Morrison_song)=Ballerina (Van Morrison song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Campanilleros=Campanilleros
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Astral_Weeks_(song)=Astral Weeks (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stones_Throw_from_Hurtin'=Stones Throw from Hurtin'
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sleeping_with_the_Past_(song)=Sleeping with the Past (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bitch_Please_II=Bitch Please II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hott4Hill=Hott4Hill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Honeydripper=The Honeydripper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Willie_the_Pimp=Willie the Pimp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Woman_Like_Me_(Bettye_LaVette_song)=A Woman Like Me (Bettye LaVette song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heresy_(Rush_song)=Heresy (Rush song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oh_My_Love=Oh My Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paradise_(John_Prine_song)=Paradise (John Prine song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Penthouse_Suite=The Penthouse Suite
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Trolley_Song=The Trolley Song
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I'm_Good_at_Being_Bad=I'm Good at Being Bad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/What's_Happening_Brother=What's Happening Brother
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flyin'_High_(In_the_Friendly_Sky)=Flyin' High (In the Friendly Sky)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/God_Is_Love_(song)=God Is Love (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Right_On_(song)=Right On (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wholy_Holy=Wholy Holy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Please_Stay_(Once_You_Go_Away)=Please Stay (Once You Go Away)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/If_I_Should_Die_Tonight=If I Should Die Tonight
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keep_Gettin'_It_On=Keep Gettin' It On
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kitty_Kat_(song)=Kitty Kat (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Wish_I_Were_in_Love_Again=I Wish I Were in Love Again
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_View_from_the_Afternoon=The View from the Afternoon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/California_Sun=California Sun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vaudeville_(song)=Vaudeville (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I'm_in_Love_with_My_Car=I'm in Love with My Car
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Cottage_for_Sale=A Cottage for Sale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/That's_My_Desire=That's My Desire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frail_(song)=Frail (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Portsmouth_(instrumental)=Portsmouth (instrumental)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/You_Gotta_Move_(song)=You Gotta Move (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Let_It_Loose_(song)=Let It Loose (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stupid_Girl_(The_Rolling_Stones_song)=Stupid Girl (The Rolling Stones song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vampires_(Godsmack_song)=Vampires (Godsmack song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Something_Happened_to_Me_Yesterday=Something Happened to Me Yesterday
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Martin_(song)=Henry Martin (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I've_Got_Five_Dollars=I've Got Five Dollars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Heart_Stood_Still=My Heart Stood Still
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mountain_Greenery=Mountain Greenery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Could_Write_a_Book=I Could Write a Book
http://dbpedia.org/resource/You_Took_Advantage_of_Me=You Took Advantage of Me
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Ship_Without_a_Sail=A Ship Without a Sail
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spring_Is_Here=Spring Is Here
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johnny_One_Note=Johnny One Note
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ev'rything_I've_Got=Ev'rything I've Got
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Winter_(The_Rolling_Stones_song)=Winter (The Rolling Stones song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hold_On_(John_Lennon_song)=Hold On (John Lennon song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hey_Negrita_(song)=Hey Negrita (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Take_a_Pebble=Take a Pebble
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Good_Man_in_a_Storm=Good Man in a Storm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/After_the_Lights_Go_Down_Low=After the Lights Go Down Low
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leaving_So_Soon%3F=Leaving So Soon?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/There's_a_Small_Hotel=There's a Small Hotel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Give_It_Back_to_the_Indians=Give It Back to the Indians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/It_Never_Entered_My_Mind=It Never Entered My Mind
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dancing_on_the_Ceiling_(1930_song)=Dancing on the Ceiling (1930 song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/To_Keep_My_Love_Alive=To Keep My Love Alive
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_the_Bear=Edward the Bear
http://dbpedia.org/resource/You'd_Be_So_Nice_to_Come_Home_To=You'd Be So Nice to Come Home To
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_the_Garden_(Van_Morrison_song)=In the Garden (Van Morrison song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Apologize_(1931_song)=I Apologize (1931 song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heather_(song)=Heather (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/That's_for_Me=That's for Me
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beside_You_(Van_Morrison_song)=Beside You (Van Morrison song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Slim_Slow_Slider=Slim Slow Slider
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Come_Back_Baby=Come Back Baby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Capital_Radio_One=Capital Radio One
http://dbpedia.org/resource/World_Machine_(song)=World Machine (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jigsaw_Puzzle_(song)=Jigsaw Puzzle (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Street_Hassle_(song)=Street Hassle (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Send_It_to_Me=Send It to Me
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_Limousine=Black Limousine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gentle_Annie_(song)=Gentle Annie (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alice_Childress_(song)=Alice Childress (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boxing_(song)=Boxing (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stranglehold_(Ted_Nugent_song)=Stranglehold (Ted Nugent song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Birds_and_the_Bees_(Jewel_Akens_song)=The Birds and the Bees (Jewel Akens song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chocolate_Rain=Chocolate Rain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hell_Town_Story=Hell Town Story
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tank_(song)=Tank (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Freedom_Someday=Freedom Someday
http://dbpedia.org/resource/That's_Right_(You're_Not_from_Texas)=That's Right (You're Not from Texas)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pello_Joxepe=Pello Joxepe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/April_is_in_my_mistress'_face=April is in my mistress' face
http://dbpedia.org/resource/If_I_Can't_Dance=If I Can't Dance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Willow_Weep_for_Me=Willow Weep for Me
http://dbpedia.org/resource/By_the_Sleepy_Lagoon=By the Sleepy Lagoon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Now_Is_the_Month_of_Maying=Now Is the Month of Maying
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_bonny_lass_she_smileth=My bonny lass she smileth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glad_Tidings_(song)=Glad Tidings (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_%22Fish%22_Cheer/I-Feel-Like-I'm-Fixin'-to-Die_Rag=The "Fish" Cheer/I-Feel-Like-I'm-Fixin'-to-Die Rag
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rolling_Thunder_(march)=Rolling Thunder (march)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Circus_Bee=The Circus Bee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dance_with_the_Devil_(Immortal_Technique_song)=Dance with the Devil (Immortal Technique song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/List_of_%22Weird_Al%22_Yankovic_polka_medleys=List of "Weird Al" Yankovic polka medleys
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Midnight_Rider=Midnight Rider
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sticks_and_Stones_(nursery_rhyme)=Sticks and Stones (nursery rhyme)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Just_Fall_in_Love_Again=I Just Fall in Love Again
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Prisoner's_Song=The Prisoner's Song
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wadsyaname=Wadsyaname
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nothing_Left=Nothing Left
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fabulous_(High_School_Musical_song)=Fabulous (High School Musical song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Release_(Timbaland_song)=Release (Timbaland song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glad_to_Be_Unhappy=Glad to Be Unhappy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Assassin_(Muse_song)=Assassin (Muse song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wave_(Antonio_Carlos_Jobim_song)=Wave (Antonio Carlos Jobim song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shadowplay_(song)=Shadowplay (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/This_Heart_of_Mine=This Heart of Mine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Unravel=Unravel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Honeysuckle_Rose_(song)=Honeysuckle Rose (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stagger_Lee=Stagger Lee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Dreamed=I Dreamed
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Princess_Pat_(song)=Princess Pat (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flying_Easy=Flying Easy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jump_in_the_Line_(Shake,_Senora)=Jump in the Line (Shake, Senora)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Green_Grass_and_High_Tides=Green Grass and High Tides
http://dbpedia.org/resource/No_Vaseline=No Vaseline
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Here's_That_Rainy_Day=Here's That Rainy Day
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Should_I_Go=Should I Go
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Today_(Jefferson_Airplane_song)=Today (Jefferson Airplane song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Helter_Stupid_(song)=Helter Stupid (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Two_Hearts_Collide=Two Hearts Collide
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dinata=Dinata
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Qadam_Qadam_Badaye_Ja=Qadam Qadam Badaye Ja
http://dbpedia.org/resource/(I'd_Like_to_Get_You_on_a)_Slow_Boat_to_China=(I'd Like to Get You on a) Slow Boat to China
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Take_My_Hand=Take My Hand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silence_Is_Golden_(song)=Silence Is Golden (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Renegade_(Jay-Z_song)=Renegade (Jay-Z song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shambala_(Beastie_Boys_song)=Shambala (Beastie Boys song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lover_Man_(Jimi_Hendrix_song)=Lover Man (Jimi Hendrix song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Big_Brother_(Kanye_West_song)=Big Brother (Kanye West song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Four_Women_(song)=Four Women (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wizard_in_Black=Wizard in Black
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Overpowered_by_Funk=Overpowered by Funk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Death_or_Glory_(song)=Death or Glory (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/London's_Burning_(song)=London's Burning (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Janie_Jones_(song)=Janie Jones (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jail_Guitar_Doors=Jail Guitar Doors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Here's_Johnny_(song)=Here's Johnny (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Domino_(Genesis_song)=Domino (Genesis song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heaven_(Talking_Heads_song)=Heaven (Talking Heads song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zajdi,_zajdi,_jasno_sonce=Zajdi, zajdi, jasno sonce
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Muffin_Man_(song)=Muffin Man (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Say_Goodbye_(Dave_Matthews_Band_song)=Say Goodbye (Dave Matthews Band song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Warszawianka_(1905)=Warszawianka (1905)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Choppin'_Wood=Choppin' Wood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brainpower_(song)=Brainpower (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fading_Lights=Fading Lights
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Season_of_the_Witch_(song)=Season of the Witch (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I've_Seen_All_Good_People=I've Seen All Good People
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Climb_Ev'ry_Mountain=Climb Ev'ry Mountain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maria_(Rodgers_and_Hammerstein_song)=Maria (Rodgers and Hammerstein song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Neighbours_(song)=Neighbours (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Resurreccion_Del_Angel=Resurreccion Del Angel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wind_Up_Workin'_in_a_Gas_Station=Wind Up Workin' in a Gas Station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Simple_Twist_of_Fate=Simple Twist of Fate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/You're_a_Big_Girl_Now=You're a Big Girl Now
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meet_Me_in_the_Morning=Meet Me in the Morning
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sweetest_Sounds_(song)=The Sweetest Sounds (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/It_Takes_a_Lot_to_Laugh,_It_Takes_a_Train_to_Cry=It Takes a Lot to Laugh, It Takes a Train to Cry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_Is_the_Colour_(Of_My_True_Love's_Hair)=Black Is the Colour (Of My True Love's Hair)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Slave_(song)=Slave (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Touchdown_(T.I._song)=Touchdown (T.I. song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Most_Likely_You_Go_Your_Way_(And_I'll_Go_Mine)=Most Likely You Go Your Way (And I'll Go Mine)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_Too_Many_Mornings=One Too Many Mornings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/When_the_Ship_Comes_In=When the Ship Comes In
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Humble_Neighborhoods=Humble Neighborhoods
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Catch_Me_While_I'm_Sleeping=Catch Me While I'm Sleeping
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Restless_Farewell=Restless Farewell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Downbound_Train=Downbound Train
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Is_This_the_World_We_Created...%3F=Is This the World We Created...?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parachute_Woman=Parachute Woman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/100_Years_Ago=100 Years Ago
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Torn_and_Frayed=Torn and Frayed
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Everyday_(Buddy_Holly_song)=Everyday (Buddy Holly song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Outside_of_a_Small_Circle_of_Friends=Outside of a Small Circle of Friends
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Westside_Slaughterhouse=Westside Slaughterhouse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christmas_Steps_(composition)=Christmas Steps (composition)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jesus_Is_Just_Alright=Jesus Is Just Alright
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_About_You_(The_Rolling_Stones_song)=All About You (The Rolling Stones song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mile_in_These_Shoes=Mile in These Shoes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Que_Linda_Manita=Que Linda Manita
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stranded_(Van_Morrison_song)=Stranded (Van Morrison song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Melody_Fair=Melody Fair
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Wanna_Be_Loved=I Wanna Be Loved
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ching_a_Ring_Chaw=Ching a Ring Chaw
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Outlaw_Blues_(Bob_Dylan_song)=Outlaw Blues (Bob Dylan song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Already_Gone_(Melanie_C_song)=Already Gone (Melanie C song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dashing_Away_with_the_Smoothing_Iron=Dashing Away with the Smoothing Iron
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bold_as_Love_(song)=Bold as Love (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Long_Walk_Home=Long Walk Home
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Boatman's_Dance=The Boatman's Dance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vanlose_Stairway=Vanlose Stairway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_World_Is_Yours_(Faith_No_More_song)=The World Is Yours (Faith No More song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Glendaruel_Highlanders=The Glendaruel Highlanders
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sleazy_(Expatriate_song)=Sleazy (Expatriate song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Behind_My_Camel=Behind My Camel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Passer_By_(song)=Passer By (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Save_Me_(Aimee_Mann_song)=Save Me (Aimee Mann song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/'Cuz_I_Can_(Pink_song)='Cuz I Can (Pink song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Si_Puedo_Volverte_a_Ver=Si Puedo Volverte a Ver
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Encadenados=Encadenados
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Agua_y_Sal=Agua y Sal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tears_of_Rage=Tears of Rage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/El_Sitio_de_Mi_Recreo=El Sitio de Mi Recreo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Habana_(song)=Habana (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Corazones_(song)=Corazones (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Donde_Alcance_el_Sol=Donde Alcance el Sol
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Si_Todos_Fuesen_Iguales_a_Ti=Si Todos Fuesen Iguales a Ti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fathom_the_Bowl=Fathom the Bowl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/X-Is_Coming=X-Is Coming
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Your_Horoscope_for_Today=Your Horoscope for Today
http://dbpedia.org/resource/South_Side_of_the_Sky=South Side of the Sky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dance_of_Eternity=The Dance of Eternity
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Champion_(Kanye_West_song)=Champion (Kanye West song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crumbling_Land=Crumbling Land
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shortnin'_Bread=Shortnin' Bread
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hey_Little_Man_..._Thursday's_Child=Hey Little Man ... Thursday's Child
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hey_Little_Man_..._Wednesday's_Child=Hey Little Man ... Wednesday's Child
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Perfect_Circle_(song)=Perfect Circle (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Country_Song_(Pink_Floyd_song)=Country Song (Pink Floyd song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Unknown_Song=Unknown Song
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Like_a_Boss=Like a Boss
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Slipping_Away_(The_Rolling_Stones_song)=Slipping Away (The Rolling Stones song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deshon_Ka_Sartaj_Bharat=Deshon Ka Sartaj Bharat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hand_to_Mouth_(song)=Hand to Mouth (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/L-O-V-E=L-O-V-E
http://dbpedia.org/resource/We_Hail_Thee_Carolina=We Hail Thee Carolina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glamorous_Indie_Rock_&_Roll=Glamorous Indie Rock & Roll
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Digital_(Joy_Division_song)=Digital (Joy Division song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fight_Mass=Fight Mass
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Circles_(The_Who_song)=Circles (The Who song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dammit_Janet=Dammit Janet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crying,_Waiting,_Hoping=Crying, Waiting, Hoping
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pumpin'_Up_the_Party=Pumpin' Up the Party
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blue_(Joni_Mitchell_song)=Blue (Joni Mitchell song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Out_from_Under=Out from Under
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dear_Doctor_(song)=Dear Doctor (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/If_You_Must_(Del_the_Funky_Homosapien_song)=If You Must (Del the Funky Homosapien song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wanna_Lick=Wanna Lick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Infant_Holy,_Infant_Lowly=Infant Holy, Infant Lowly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Victim_of_Changes_(song)=Victim of Changes (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Points_of_Authority=Points of Authority
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sweaters_for_Penguins=Sweaters for Penguins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/We_Have_a_Romeo=We Have a Romeo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ballad_of_Ira_Hayes=The Ballad of Ira Hayes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fuck_the_Pain_Away=Fuck the Pain Away
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bastille_Day_(song)=Bastille Day (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frozen_in_Frobisher_Bay=Frozen in Frobisher Bay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Thaw_Session=The Thaw Session
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Too_Much_Blood=Too Much Blood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bald_Headed_Woman=Bald Headed Woman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Just_Want_to_See_His_Face=I Just Want to See His Face
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mule_(song)=The Mule (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Satch_Boogie=Satch Boogie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Loose_(The_Stooges_song)=Loose (The Stooges song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Let_There_Be_Love_(1940_song)=Let There Be Love (1940 song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/When_Joanna_Loved_Me=When Joanna Loved Me
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chase_This_Light_(song)=Chase This Light (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rock_Like_War=Rock Like War
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Graffiti_My_Soul=Graffiti My Soul
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I'll_Keep_It_with_Mine=I'll Keep It with Mine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sometimes_We_Cry=Sometimes We Cry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Weight_of_the_World_(Evanescence_song)=Weight of the World (Evanescence song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nutshell_(song)=Nutshell (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Venceremos_(song)=Venceremos (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wah-Wah_(song)=Wah-Wah (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Feel_Good_(G-Unit_song)=Feel Good (G-Unit song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/How_Can_We_Hang_On_to_a_Dream%3F=How Can We Hang On to a Dream?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Know_You_Rider=I Know You Rider
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Can't_Find_My_Way_Home=Can't Find My Way Home
http://dbpedia.org/resource/South_California_Purples=South California Purples
http://dbpedia.org/resource/If_I_Were_Your_Girl=If I Were Your Girl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Loving_Cup_(song)=Loving Cup (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tomorrow_Is_a_Long_Time=Tomorrow Is a Long Time
http://dbpedia.org/resource/When_I_Paint_My_Masterpiece=When I Paint My Masterpiece
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Don't_Believe_You_(She_Acts_Like_We_Never_Have_Met)=I Don't Believe You (She Acts Like We Never Have Met)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Down_in_the_Flood=Down in the Flood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Viva_Colonia=Viva Colonia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wild_Honey_(U2_song)=Wild Honey (U2 song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/(Every_Time_I_Turn_Around)_Back_in_Love_Again=(Every Time I Turn Around) Back in Love Again
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Don't_Know_Why=I Don't Know Why
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_Is_All_Around_(Agnes_Carlsson_song)=Love Is All Around (Agnes Carlsson song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dance_Me_to_the_End_of_Love=Dance Me to the End of Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ottagathai_Kattiko=Ottagathai Kattiko
http://dbpedia.org/resource/She's_the_One_(Bruce_Springsteen_song)=She's the One (Bruce Springsteen song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Backstreets=Backstreets
http://dbpedia.org/resource/She_Has_Funny_Cars=She Has Funny Cars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Get_Your_Filthy_Hands_Off_My_Desert=Get Your Filthy Hands Off My Desert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dat_Dere=Dat Dere
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stay_with_Me_(Faces_song)=Stay with Me (Faces song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hooray_for_Captain_Spaulding=Hooray for Captain Spaulding
http://dbpedia.org/resource/HaEmunah=HaEmunah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Improved_Song=New Improved Song
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bring_Me_Sunshine=Bring Me Sunshine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Queen_of_Dreams=Queen of Dreams
http://dbpedia.org/resource/When_Your_Lover_Has_Gone=When Your Lover Has Gone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/White_America_(song)=White America (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Farewell,_Angelina_(song)=Farewell, Angelina (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Which_Side_Are_You_On%3F=Which Side Are You On?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cage_the_Songbird_(song)=Cage the Songbird (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Here_Comes_Santa_Claus=Here Comes Santa Claus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Just_Shot_John_Lennon=I Just Shot John Lennon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heavy_Disguise=Heavy Disguise
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Get_'Em_Out_by_Friday=Get 'Em Out by Friday
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Up_Above_My_Head=Up Above My Head
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pepys'_Diary_(song)=Pepys' Diary (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_God_That_Failed_(song)=The God That Failed (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_World_(Strawbs_song)=New World (Strawbs song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Are_You_Experienced%3F_(song)=Are You Experienced? (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_and_White_Rag=Black and White Rag
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Wish_I_Was_a_Mole_in_the_Ground=I Wish I Was a Mole in the Ground
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Proudest_Monkey=Proudest Monkey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lie_in_Our_Graves=Lie in Our Graves
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Frozen_Logger=The Frozen Logger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/More_Than_a_Woman_(Bee_Gees_song)=More Than a Woman (Bee Gees song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Take_a_Whiff_on_Me=Take a Whiff on Me
http://dbpedia.org/resource/As_Long_as_You're_Mine=As Long as You're Mine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Broken_Hearted_Melody=Broken Hearted Melody
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Virgin_Unspotted=A Virgin Unspotted
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sam_Stone_(song)=Sam Stone (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caramelldansen=Caramelldansen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Warsaw_(song)=Warsaw (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Metal=The Metal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Master_Kilby=Master Kilby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dangerously_in_Love_2=Dangerously in Love 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keep_On_Running_(Jackie_Edwards_song)=Keep On Running (Jackie Edwards song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Not_In_Nottingham=Not In Nottingham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/King's_Cross_(song)=King's Cross (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Duodenum_(song)=Duodenum (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Asking_for_It=Asking for It
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deep_in_the_Motherlode=Deep in the Motherlode
http://dbpedia.org/resource/You_Turned_the_Tables_on_Me=You Turned the Tables on Me
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sanssouci_(song)=Sanssouci (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Galjeung_(A_Man_in_Love)=Galjeung (A Man in Love)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Flower_and_the_Young_Man=The Flower and the Young Man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tomorrow_(Strawbs_song)=Tomorrow (Strawbs song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rock_N_Roll_Nigger=Rock N Roll Nigger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bye_Bye_Love_(The_Cars_song)=Bye Bye Love (The Cars song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/This_Place_Is_Empty=This Place Is Empty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dink's_Song=Dink's Song
http://dbpedia.org/resource/R.A.M.O.N.E.S.=R.A.M.O.N.E.S.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Call_Me_Back_Again=Call Me Back Again
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Here_Today_(Paul_McCartney_song)=Here Today (Paul McCartney song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christmas_Day_(Michael_W._Smith_song)=Christmas Day (Michael W. Smith song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Citadel_(song)=Citadel (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dona_Nobis_Pacem_(canon)=Dona Nobis Pacem (canon)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jungle_(Taiji_song)=Jungle (Taiji song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rain_Song=Rain Song
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Your_Flag_Decal_Won't_Get_You_Into_Heaven_Anymore=Your Flag Decal Won't Get You Into Heaven Anymore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/On_Growing_Older=On Growing Older
http://dbpedia.org/resource/No_Regrets_(Tom_Rush_song)=No Regrets (Tom Rush song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Us_Placers=Us Placers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chest_Fever=Chest Fever
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Michelle=My Michelle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gotta_Get_Home=Gotta Get Home
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mission_(song)=Mission (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sailing_the_Seas_Depends_on_the_Helmsman=Sailing the Seas Depends on the Helmsman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tanzania_Nakupenda_Kwa_Moyo_Wote=Tanzania Nakupenda Kwa Moyo Wote
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lady_Lies_(song)=The Lady Lies (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Political_Science_(song)=Political Science (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/What's_the_Ugliest_Part_of_Your_Body%3F=What's the Ugliest Part of Your Body?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Westphalia_Waltz=Westphalia Waltz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/And_the_Healing_Has_Begun=And the Healing Has Begun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/No_More_Fish,_No_Fishermen=No More Fish, No Fishermen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kempy_Kay=Kempy Kay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Casey_Jones_(song)=Casey Jones (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goodnight-Loving_Trail_(song)=Goodnight-Loving Trail (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rattlesnake_Mountain_(song)=Rattlesnake Mountain (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Price_of_Fame=Price of Fame
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guaranteed_(Eddie_Vedder_song)=Guaranteed (Eddie Vedder song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ten_Little_Indians_(Harry_Nilsson_song)=Ten Little Indians (Harry Nilsson song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I've_Seen_It_All=I've Seen It All
http://dbpedia.org/resource/2120_South_Michigan_Avenue=2120 South Michigan Avenue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Love_You_Truly=I Love You Truly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Look_Out_Cleveland=Look Out Cleveland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lime_Jello_Marshmallow_Cottage_Cheese_Surprise=Lime Jello Marshmallow Cottage Cheese Surprise
http://dbpedia.org/resource/That's_How_You_Know=That's How You Know
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Happy_Working_Song=Happy Working Song
http://dbpedia.org/resource/So_Close_(Jon_McLaughlin_song)=So Close (Jon McLaughlin song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Let_Me_Get_Em=Let Me Get Em
http://dbpedia.org/resource/We're_Only_Gonna_Die=We're Only Gonna Die
http://dbpedia.org/resource/May_This_Be_Love=May This Be Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/What_She_Doesn't_Know=What She Doesn't Know
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_Time_4_Your_Mind=One Time 4 Your Mind
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kiss_Me_Goodnight,_Sergeant_Major=Kiss Me Goodnight, Sergeant Major
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_House_of_Orange_(song)=The House of Orange (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/White_Squall_(song)=White Squall (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Git_Along,_Little_Dogies=Git Along, Little Dogies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Listen_to_the_Mocking_Bird=Listen to the Mocking Bird
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Las_Vegas_(In_the_Hills_of_Donegal)=Las Vegas (In the Hills of Donegal)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/There's_a_Long_Long_Trail_A-Winding=There's a Long Long Trail A-Winding
http://dbpedia.org/resource/That's_What_She_Said_(song)=That's What She Said (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Love,_My_Life_(song)=My Love, My Life (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Are_You_For_Real=Are You For Real
http://dbpedia.org/resource/What_Do_You_Want_from_Me_(Pink_Floyd_song)=What Do You Want from Me (Pink Floyd song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Am_Stretched_on_Your_Grave=I Am Stretched on Your Grave
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Terrapin_(song)=Terrapin (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I'll_Be_Your_Baby_Tonight=I'll Be Your Baby Tonight
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Falling_Slowly=Falling Slowly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mining_for_Gold=Mining for Gold
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I've_Known_No_War=I've Known No War
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Your_Loving_Flame=Your Loving Flame
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Perfect_Sense_Part_1=Perfect Sense Part 1
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Born_Under_Punches_(The_Heat_Goes_On)=Born Under Punches (The Heat Goes On)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Europa_(Earth's_Cry_Heaven's_Smile)=Europa (Earth's Cry Heaven's Smile)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Teenage_Lobotomy=Teenage Lobotomy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Main_Thing=Main Thing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I'll_Be_Back_Up_on_My_Feet=I'll Be Back Up on My Feet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Well_Well_Well_(John_Lennon_song)=Well Well Well (John Lennon song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dreams_Never_End=Dreams Never End
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Destiny_(Schiller_song)=Destiny (Schiller song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lovely_to_See_You=Lovely to See You
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_New_England=A New England
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Father's_Gun=My Father's Gun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Don't_Care_(Elton_John_song)=I Don't Care (Elton John song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ludlow_Massacre_(song)=Ludlow Massacre (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Legend_of_a_Mind=Legend of a Mind
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Minutes_to_Midnight_(song)=Minutes to Midnight (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Soul_Kitchen_(song)=Soul Kitchen (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wicked_Messenger=The Wicked Messenger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shake_Your_Head=Shake Your Head
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hey_Gyp_(Dig_the_Slowness)=Hey Gyp (Dig the Slowness)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Museum_(song)=Museum (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miss_You_(Feeder_song)=Miss You (Feeder song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Back_in_Time_(Huey_Lewis_and_the_News_song)=Back in Time (Huey Lewis and the News song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/(If_You_Can't_Sing_It)_You'll_Have_to_Swing_It_(Mr._Paganini)=(If You Can't Sing It) You'll Have to Swing It (Mr. Paganini)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/5-10-15_Hours=5-10-15 Hours
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Free_Money_(song)=Free Money (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Guiteau_(song)=Charles Guiteau (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_Horse_Town=One Horse Town
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rene_and_Georgette_Magritte_with_Their_Dog_after_the_War=Rene and Georgette Magritte with Their Dog after the War
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_September_of_My_Years=The September of My Years
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Where_Are_You_Now%3F=Where Are You Now?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ever_Ever_After=Ever Ever After
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ogunde_(song)=Ogunde (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Si_No_Te_Hubieras_Ido=Si No Te Hubieras Ido
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Live_for_You=I Live for You
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Beauty_in_Ugly=The Beauty in Ugly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Do_Right_(Mario_song)=Do Right (Mario song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_Day_More=One Day More
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Song_for_Athene=Song for Athene
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Migrate_(song)=Migrate (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pacific_Sun_(song)=Pacific Sun (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lies_(The_Rolling_Stones_song)=Lies (The Rolling Stones song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chelsea_(song)=Chelsea (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Going,_Going,_Gone_(Bob_Dylan_song)=Going, Going, Gone (Bob Dylan song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Where_Do_the_Children_Play%3F=Where Do the Children Play?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dinah,_Dinah_Show_us_your_Leg=Dinah, Dinah Show us your Leg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Like_an_Angel_Passing_Through_My_Room=Like an Angel Passing Through My Room
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matilda_(song)=Matilda (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ooh_La_La_(Faces_song)=Ooh La La (Faces song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Behind_the_Ritual=Behind the Ritual
http://dbpedia.org/resource/That's_Entrainment=That's Entrainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pretty_Girl_Bullshit=Pretty Girl Bullshit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Compared_to_What=Compared to What
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mercy,_Mercy,_Mercy=Mercy, Mercy, Mercy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Thunderer_(Dion_song)=The Thunderer (Dion song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Working_on_the_Highway=Working on the Highway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bobby_Jean=Bobby Jean
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Darlington_County_(song)=Darlington County (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ties_That_Bind_(Bruce_Springsteen_song)=The Ties That Bind (Bruce Springsteen song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ramrod_(Bruce_Springsteen_song)=Ramrod (Bruce Springsteen song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Night_(song)=Night (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Floating_(The_Moody_Blues_song)=Floating (The Moody Blues song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leviathan_(song)=Leviathan (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/300_M.P.H._Torrential_Outpour_Blues=300 M.P.H. Torrential Outpour Blues
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Some_Sunday_Morning=Some Sunday Morning
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oxford_Town=Oxford Town
http://dbpedia.org/resource/High_Price=High Price
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Opiate_(song)=Opiate (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Somos_de_Calle=Somos de Calle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kim_(song)=Kim (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lord_William=Lord William
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Private_Life=Private Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Day_Begins=The Day Begins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peak_Hour_(song)=Peak Hour (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/(Evening)_Time_to_Get_Away=(Evening) Time to Get Away
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robin_Hood_and_Guy_of_Gisborne=Robin Hood and Guy of Gisborne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Twilight_Time_(The_Moody_Blues_song)=Twilight Time (The Moody Blues song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moonshine_Whiskey=Moonshine Whiskey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Feelin'_Alright=Feelin' Alright
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bernardine_(song)=Bernardine (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rio_Grande_(song)=Rio Grande (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glory,_Glory_(Lay_My_Burden_Down)=Glory, Glory (Lay My Burden Down)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Will_Be_Home_Again=I Will Be Home Again
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ole_Man_Trouble=Ole Man Trouble
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sprig_of_Thyme=The Sprig of Thyme
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Girlfriend_(Paul_McCartney_song)=Girlfriend (Paul McCartney song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Turn_You_Inside-Out=Turn You Inside-Out
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Don't_Think_So=I Don't Think So
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kallai_Mattum=Kallai Mattum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Casino_Boogie=Casino Boogie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wreck_of_the_Virginian=The Wreck of the Virginian
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shqiponja_Partizane=Shqiponja Partizane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/You_Don't_Pull_No_Punches,_but_You_Don't_Push_the_River=You Don't Pull No Punches, but You Don't Push the River
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barack_the_Magic_Negro=Barack the Magic Negro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_San_Antonio_Rose=New San Antonio Rose
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cell_Block_Tango=Cell Block Tango
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Streets_of_Arklow=Streets of Arklow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Song_to_the_Siren_(Tim_Buckley_song)=Song to the Siren (Tim Buckley song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sea_Lion_Woman=Sea Lion Woman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brand_New_Day_(Van_Morrison_song)=Brand New Day (Van Morrison song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goodbye,_My_Coney_Island_Baby=Goodbye, My Coney Island Baby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/157_Riverside_Avenue=157 Riverside Avenue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tori_no_Uta=Tori no Uta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/7_O'Clock_News/Silent_Night=7 O'Clock News/Silent Night
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Good_Thang_(song)=Good Thang (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_Is_Well_(Michael_W._Smith_song)=All Is Well (Michael W. Smith song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Me_and_I=Me and I
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Broom_of_the_Cowdenknowes=Broom of the Cowdenknowes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Powderfinger_(song)=Powderfinger (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Found_a_Reason=I Found a Reason
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ur_So_Gay=Ur So Gay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/You've_Got_the_Power=You've Got the Power
http://dbpedia.org/resource/LA_Drone=LA Drone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Road_to_Joy_(Bright_Eyes_song)=Road to Joy (Bright Eyes song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sugar_Moon=Sugar Moon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stoned_(The_Rolling_Stones_song)=Stoned (The Rolling Stones song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Children_of_the_Sea=Children of the Sea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/These_Are_the_Days_(Van_Morrison_song)=These Are the Days (Van Morrison song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patriotic_song=Patriotic song
http://dbpedia.org/resource/This_Heaven=This Heaven
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Take_a_Breath=Take a Breath
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Will_Be_There_(Van_Morrison_song)=I Will Be There (Van Morrison song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dream_Big_(David_Cook_song)=Dream Big (David Cook song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sonny's_Dream=Sonny's Dream
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Song_of_Liberty=Song of Liberty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Whiskey,_Mystics_and_Men=Whiskey, Mystics and Men
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goin'_Out_of_My_Head=Goin' Out of My Head
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_Less_Bell_to_Answer=One Less Bell to Answer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stolen_Car_(Bruce_Springsteen_song)=Stolen Car (Bruce Springsteen song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Love_You_(The_Zombies_song)=I Love You (The Zombies song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I've_Been_Working=I've Been Working
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wounded_(song)=Wounded (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Motorcycle_Drive_By_(song)=Motorcycle Drive By (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Awaken_(song)=Awaken (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/There_are_seven_that_pull_the_thread=There are seven that pull the thread
http://dbpedia.org/resource/These_Dreams_of_You=These Dreams of You
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hajde_da_ludujemo=Hajde da ludujemo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Light_That_Blinds=The Light That Blinds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Bought_a_Flat_Guitar_Tutor=I Bought a Flat Guitar Tutor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zebra_Dun=Zebra Dun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wreck_on_the_Highway=Wreck on the Highway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ballad_of_Easy_Rider=Ballad of Easy Rider
http://dbpedia.org/resource/You_Ain't_Got_Nuthin=You Ain't Got Nuthin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Out_in_the_Street=Out in the Street
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Desire_(Ryan_Adams_song)=Desire (Ryan Adams song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mr._Carter=Mr. Carter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/He_Goes_to_Church_on_Sunday=He Goes to Church on Sunday
http://dbpedia.org/resource/College_Life_(song)=College Life (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charlie_Is_My_Darling_(song)=Charlie Is My Darling (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Your_Auntie_Grizelda=Your Auntie Grizelda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Slide_Away_(Oasis_song)=Slide Away (Oasis song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_Dressed_in_Love=All Dressed in Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Long_Distance_Runaround=Long Distance Runaround
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reggatta_de_Blanc_(instrumental)=Reggatta de Blanc (instrumental)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Step_to_Me=Step to Me
http://dbpedia.org/resource/So_Rare=So Rare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Turpentine_(song)=Turpentine (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Groovin'_High=Groovin' High
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bella_Notte=Bella Notte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Soliloquy_(song)=Soliloquy (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Der_Hohenfriedberger=Der Hohenfriedberger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wenn_alle_untreu_werden=Wenn alle untreu werden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lily_of_the_Valley=The Lily of the Valley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stay_with_Me_(DeBarge_song)=Stay with Me (DeBarge song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dry_Bones_(Anthology)=Dry Bones (Anthology)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/How%3F_(song)=How? (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Beautiful_Ones=The Beautiful Ones
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Infamy_(song)=Infamy (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Things_Done_Changed=Things Done Changed
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hold_on_to_What%3F=Hold on to What?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Another_Tricky_Day=Another Tricky Day
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_John_B._Sails=The John B. Sails
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Everybody_Needs_Love_(The_Temptations_song)=Everybody Needs Love (The Temptations song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pushin'_Me_Away=Pushin' Me Away
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ah_Me,_Ah_My=Ah Me, Ah My
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Garbadge_Man=Garbadge Man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/What_Love_Has_Joined_Together=What Love Has Joined Together
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Going_Down_for_the_Third_Time=Going Down for the Third Time
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Life_Is_a_Miracle_(song)=Life Is a Miracle (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walking_the_Cow=Walking the Cow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rockollection=Rockollection
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oh_aint_I_got_the_Blues!=Oh aint I got the Blues!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Have_Got_the_Blues_To_Day!=I Have Got the Blues To Day!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carve_Dat_Possum=Carve Dat Possum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hard_to_Handle_(song)=Hard to Handle (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Just_a_Job_to_Do=Just a Job to Do
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hold_On_Abraham!=Hold On Abraham!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lamb_Lies_Down_on_Broadway_(song)=The Lamb Lies Down on Broadway (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Burning_Heat=Burning Heat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Any_Day_Now_(Chuck_Jackson_song)=Any Day Now (Chuck Jackson song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mother_Sky=Mother Sky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Judas_Rising=Judas Rising
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wizard_of_the_Hood_(song)=Wizard of the Hood (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_the_Years=All the Years
http://dbpedia.org/resource/King_Harvest_(Has_Surely_Come)=King Harvest (Has Surely Come)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pass_Me_Not,_O_Gentle_Saviour=Pass Me Not, O Gentle Saviour
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patio_Lanterns=Patio Lanterns
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_the_Good_Old_Summer_Time=In the Good Old Summer Time
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Return_of_the_Son_of_Monster_Magnet=The Return of the Son of Monster Magnet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/House_of_Four_Doors=House of Four Doors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Om_(The_Moody_Blues_song)=Om (The Moody Blues song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Feeling_That_Way=Feeling That Way
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johnny_99_(song)=Johnny 99 (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mamaloi=Mamaloi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Contra_El_Viento=Contra El Viento
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Racing_in_the_Street=Racing in the Street
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stranded_(Plumb_song)=Stranded (Plumb song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nanana_(Karmen_Stavec_song)=Nanana (Karmen Stavec song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fight_the_Blues=Fight the Blues
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hoy_Gano_Yo=Hoy Gano Yo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Actor_(The_Moody_Blues_song)=The Actor (The Moody Blues song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Our_First_President's_Quickstep=Our First President's Quickstep
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Best_Way_to_Travel=The Best Way to Travel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Visions_of_Paradise=Visions of Paradise
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Waiting_'Round_to_Die=Waiting 'Round to Die
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Life_Is_a_Carnival=Life Is a Carnival
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Potje_met_vet=Potje met vet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beautiful,_Dirty,_Rich=Beautiful, Dirty, Rich
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Working_Day_and_Night=Working Day and Night
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miami_2017_(Seen_the_Lights_Go_Out_on_Broadway)=Miami 2017 (Seen the Lights Go Out on Broadway)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beijing_Welcomes_You=Beijing Welcomes You
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Candy_Green=Candy Green
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Runaway_(Linkin_Park_song)=Runaway (Linkin Park song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Who_Knows_Who=Who Knows Who
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Criminal_Mind=A Criminal Mind
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alan_Freeman_Days=Alan Freeman Days
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Firehouse_(song)=Firehouse (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parasite_(Kiss_song)=Parasite (Kiss song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hotter_Than_Hell_(song)=Hotter Than Hell (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/She_(Kiss_song)=She (Kiss song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Battleship_Chains=Battleship Chains
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andy_Warhol_(song)=Andy Warhol (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lavanda=Lavanda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tattoo_(The_Who_song)=Tattoo (The Who song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heard_It_in_a_Love_Song=Heard It in a Love Song
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Gave_You_Power=I Gave You Power
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baby's_on_Fire=Baby's on Fire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jillian_(I'd_Give_My_Heart)=Jillian (I'd Give My Heart)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/El_Regreso=El Regreso
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dis_Morning=Dis Morning
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ballad_in_Plain_D=Ballad in Plain D
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phantasmagoria_in_Two=Phantasmagoria in Two
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rosetta_Stoned=Rosetta Stoned
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Commonwealth_(song)=Commonwealth (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/It's_Hard_to_Be_a_Saint_in_the_City=It's Hard to Be a Saint in the City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Old_Fashioned_Way_(song)=The Old Fashioned Way (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_My_Secret_Life=In My Secret Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I'm_That_Chick=I'm That Chick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Good_Morning_(Kanye_West_song)=Good Morning (Kanye West song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chak_De!_India_(song)=Chak De! India (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wicked_Annabella=Wicked Annabella
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dear_Diary_(song)=Dear Diary (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_the_Beginning_(The_Moody_Blues_song)=In the Beginning (The Moody Blues song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Send_Me_No_Wine=Send Me No Wine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/To_Share_Our_Love=To Share Our Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lazy_Day_(The_Moody_Blues_song)=Lazy Day (The Moody Blues song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Are_You_Sitting_Comfortably%3F_(song)=Are You Sitting Comfortably? (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Have_You_Heard_(The_Moody_Blues_song)=Have You Heard (The Moody Blues song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Voyage_(song)=The Voyage (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Higher_and_Higher_(The_Moody_Blues_song)=Higher and Higher (The Moody Blues song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gypsy_(Of_a_Strange_and_Distant_Time)=Gypsy (Of a Strange and Distant Time)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bird_of_Prey_(Uriah_Heep_song)=Bird of Prey (Uriah Heep song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diddle,_Diddle,_Dumpling,_My_Son_John=Diddle, Diddle, Dumpling, My Son John
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shape_of_My_Heart_(Noah_and_the_Whale_song)=Shape of My Heart (Noah and the Whale song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Never_Thought_I'd_Live_to_Be_a_Hundred=I Never Thought I'd Live to Be a Hundred
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beyond_(song)=Beyond (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Circus_Farm=Circus Farm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hey_Mama_(Kanye_West_song)=Hey Mama (Kanye West song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dangerous_Type=Dangerous Type
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Enamorada_de_Ti_(song)=Enamorada de Ti (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/El_Son_de_la_Negra=El Son de la Negra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Asphalt_Mother=Asphalt Mother
http://dbpedia.org/resource/O_Rosa_Bella=O Rosa Bella
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Favorite_Things_(song)=My Favorite Things (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Syracuse_University_Alma_Mater=Syracuse University Alma Mater
http://dbpedia.org/resource/When_It's_Moonlight_on_the_Prairie=When It's Moonlight on the Prairie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pride_of_the_Prairie=Pride of the Prairie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_Me_(Bee_Gees_song)=Love Me (Bee Gees song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hand_of_Sorrow=Hand of Sorrow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cora,_the_Indian_Maiden's_Song=Cora, the Indian Maiden's Song
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Follow_the_Crowd_(song)=Follow the Crowd (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Blue_Juniata=The Blue Juniata
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bells_of_Rhymney=The Bells of Rhymney
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Man_with_the_Horn_(song)=The Man with the Horn (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eternity_Road_(song)=Eternity Road (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sun_Is_Still_Shining=Sun Is Still Shining
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Balance=The Balance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/And_the_Tide_Rushes_In=And the Tide Rushes In
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Indian's_Prayer=The Indian's Prayer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Procession_(The_Moody_Blues_song)=Procession (The Moody Blues song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/God_of_Wine_(song)=God of Wine (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friend_Like_Me=Friend Like Me
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anji_(instrumental)=Anji (instrumental)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/You_Can_Leave_Your_Hat_On=You Can Leave Your Hat On
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Everyone_(Van_Morrison_song)=Everyone (Van Morrison song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Family_Snapshot=Family Snapshot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Intruder_(song)=Intruder (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wreck_of_the_Tennessee_Gravy_Train=Wreck of the Tennessee Gravy Train
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Devil's_Dream=The Devil's Dream
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xicochi=Xicochi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/It_Ain't_Gonna_Be_Easy=It Ain't Gonna Be Easy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Remember_Me_(Journey_song)=Remember Me (Journey song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madness_(Elton_John_song)=Madness (Elton John song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Restless_(Elton_John_song)=Restless (Elton John song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Gotta_Get_Out_of_This_Town=I Gotta Get Out of This Town
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Golden_Arrow_(song)=Golden Arrow (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Just_Bummin'_Around=Just Bummin' Around
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adore_(song)=Adore (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_House_of_the_Rising_Sun=The House of the Rising Sun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bob_Dylan_Blues=Bob Dylan Blues
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Huffin=Huffin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/As_the_Years_Go_Passing_By=As the Years Go Passing By
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eldorado_Overture=Eldorado Overture
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eldorado_Finale=Eldorado Finale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Lucille=My Lucille
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I'll_Tell_the_Man_in_the_Street=I'll Tell the Man in the Street
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prince_Ali_(song)=Prince Ali (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miss_You_(Westlife_song)=Miss You (Westlife song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_Bottom_Stomp=Black Bottom Stomp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Transit_of_Venus_March=Transit of Venus March
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Right_Here,_Right_Now_(High_School_Musical_song)=Right Here, Right Now (High School Musical song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Papa_Nero_(song)=Papa Nero (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dirty_Laundry_(Bitter:Sweet_song)=Dirty Laundry (Bitter:Sweet song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/What_If_Punk_Never_Happened=What If Punk Never Happened
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Suite_Madame_Blue=Suite Madame Blue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guinnevere=Guinnevere
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eternally_(Hikaru_Utada_song)=Eternally (Hikaru Utada song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stop_(Ryan_Adams_song)=Stop (Ryan Adams song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/You're_Not_Sorry=You're Not Sorry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Judy_Is_a_Punk=Judy Is a Punk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Azzurro=Azzurro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Last_Time_I_Saw_Richard=The Last Time I Saw Richard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Why_(Godsmack_song)=Why (Godsmack song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kaval_sviri=Kaval sviri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bubble_Pop_Electric=Bubble Pop Electric
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Danger_Zone_(Gwen_Stefani_song)=Danger Zone (Gwen Stefani song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Comin'_Back_to_Me=Comin' Back to Me
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Better_(Guns_N'_Roses_song)=Better (Guns N' Roses song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Breakout_(Miley_Cyrus_song)=Breakout (Miley Cyrus song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_City_of_Ruins=My City of Ruins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Whispering_(song)=Whispering (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Troublemaker_(Akon_song)=Troublemaker (Akon song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rock_&_Roll_(The_Velvet_Underground_song)=Rock & Roll (The Velvet Underground song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Holla_Holla_(Akon_song)=Holla Holla (Akon song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rosie_Won't_You_Please_Come_Home=Rosie Won't You Please Come Home
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sick_of_Life=Sick of Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/It's_the_Most_Wonderful_Time_of_the_Year=It's the Most Wonderful Time of the Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rivers_of_My_Fathers=Rivers of My Fathers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Let's_Make_the_Water_Turn_Black=Let's Make the Water Turn Black
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beauty_and_the_Beast_(Stevie_Nicks_song)=Beauty and the Beast (Stevie Nicks song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Right_to_Dream=Right to Dream
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Down_By_The_Station=Down By The Station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boogie_Woogie_Santa_Claus=Boogie Woogie Santa Claus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prelude/Angry_Young_Man=Prelude/Angry Young Man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Miss_You_(Miley_Cyrus_song)=I Miss You (Miley Cyrus song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Touchdown_(Game_song)=Touchdown (Game song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/On_Green_Dolphin_Street_(song)=On Green Dolphin Street (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/N.I.G.G.E.R._(The_Slave_and_the_Master)=N.I.G.G.E.R. (The Slave and the Master)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Please_Read_the_Letter=Please Read the Letter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cherokee_(Ray_Noble_song)=Cherokee (Ray Noble song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/See_You_in_My_Nightmares=See You in My Nightmares
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Do_You_Like_Worms%3F=Do You Like Worms?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Forever_Young_(Bob_Dylan_song)=Forever Young (Bob Dylan song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Odorono=Odorono
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tree_Trunk=Tree Trunk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Cuckoo_(song)=The Cuckoo (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thirteen_(song)=Thirteen (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Closing_Time_(Hole_song)=Closing Time (Hole song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kuiama=Kuiama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wanna_Hold_You=Wanna Hold You
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harlem_Nocturne=Harlem Nocturne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Am_Woman_(Barbra_Streisand_song)=I Am Woman (Barbra Streisand song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ox_(instrumental)=The Ox (instrumental)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manuelita_la_tortuga=Manuelita la tortuga
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brooklyn_Go_Hard=Brooklyn Go Hard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lament_of_Yemen=Lament of Yemen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Danny's_Song=Danny's Song
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Ain't_Marching_Anymore_(song)=I Ain't Marching Anymore (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aphasia_(instrumental)=Aphasia (instrumental)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Helas_madam=Helas madam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pariser_Einzugsmarsch=Pariser Einzugsmarsch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Foxy's_Hole=Foxy's Hole
http://dbpedia.org/resource/As_with_Gladness_Men_of_Old=As with Gladness Men of Old
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yummy_(Gwen_Stefani_song)=Yummy (Gwen Stefani song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/'97_Bonnie_&_Clyde='97 Bonnie & Clyde
http://dbpedia.org/resource/You_Got_Me_Floatin'=You Got Me Floatin'
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Still_in_Love_with_You_(Thin_Lizzy_song)=Still in Love with You (Thin Lizzy song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Regntunga_skyar=Regntunga skyar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/It_Started_with_a_Love_Affair=It Started with a Love Affair
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jaan_Pehechan_Ho=Jaan Pehechan Ho
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cinema_Cinema=Cinema Cinema
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Takeda_Lullaby=Takeda Lullaby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Look_at_Me_(John_Lennon_song)=Look at Me (John Lennon song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bargain_(song)=Bargain (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joan_of_Arc_(Leonard_Cohen_song)=Joan of Arc (Leonard Cohen song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edo_Lullaby=Edo Lullaby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shimabara_Lullaby=Shimabara Lullaby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Save_the_Life_of_My_Child=Save the Life of My Child
http://dbpedia.org/resource/You_and_Me_(The_Moody_Blues_song)=You and Me (The Moody Blues song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/When_You're_a_Free_Man=When You're a Free Man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Someone_in_London=Someone in London
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paralyzed_(Elvis_Presley_song)=Paralyzed (Elvis Presley song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hollow_(Godsmack_song)=Hollow (Godsmack song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elaine_(song)=Elaine (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Piano_Has_Been_Drinking_(Not_Me)_(An_Evening_with_Pete_King)=The Piano Has Been Drinking (Not Me) (An Evening with Pete King)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Releasing_the_Demons=Releasing the Demons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Hate_the_French=I Hate the French
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tokari_geet=Tokari geet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Po_dolinam_i_po_vzgoriam=Po dolinam i po vzgoriam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mother_Goose_(song)=Mother Goose (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Magic_to_Do=Magic to Do
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Air_and_Simple_Gifts=Air and Simple Gifts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lying_from_You=Lying from You
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jai_Ho_(song)=Jai Ho (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rose's_Turn=Rose's Turn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Julianne_(song)=Julianne (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sports_&_Wine=Sports & Wine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I'm_on_the_Outside_(Looking_In)=I'm on the Outside (Looking In)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_War_Is_Over_(Phil_Ochs_song)=The War Is Over (Phil Ochs song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wandering_Songstress=The Wandering Songstress
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Factory_Girl_(folk_song)=Factory Girl (folk song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Best_Imitation_of_Myself=Best Imitation of Myself
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Galloping_Gertie=Galloping Gertie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/FOL_(song)=FOL (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Got_a_Crush..._on_Obama=I Got a Crush... on Obama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sukoshi_Zutsu,_Taisetsu_ni=Sukoshi Zutsu, Taisetsu ni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jim_Dandy_(song)=Jim Dandy (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bale_Out=Bale Out
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rape_(song)=Rape (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/There_but_for_Fortune_(song)=There but for Fortune (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/R_U_Professional=R U Professional
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Still_Water_(Love)=Still Water (Love)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Every_Christian_Lion_Hearted_Man_Will_Show_You=Every Christian Lion Hearted Man Will Show You
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lonesome_Tonight=Lonesome Tonight
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lyra_(song)=Lyra (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Howard's_Tale=Howard's Tale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dunlavin_Green=Dunlavin Green
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Super_Mario_Bros._theme=Super Mario Bros. theme
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Help_Me_Believe=Help Me Believe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gone_Fishin'_(song)=Gone Fishin' (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bozner_Bergsteigerlied=Bozner Bergsteigerlied
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Song_for_a_Winter's_Night=Song for a Winter's Night
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Welcome_to_Heartbreak=Welcome to Heartbreak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/April_29,_1992_(Miami)=April 29, 1992 (Miami)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Granny's_Hieland_Hame=Granny's Hieland Hame
http://dbpedia.org/resource/O..._Saya=O... Saya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brian_Song=Brian Song
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chitlins_con_Carne=Chitlins con Carne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/No_Line_on_the_Horizon_(song)=No Line on the Horizon (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moment_of_Surrender=Moment of Surrender
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Unknown_Caller=Unknown Caller
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stand_Up_Comedy_(song)=Stand Up Comedy (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Breathe_(U2_song)=Breathe (U2 song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/White_as_Snow_(song)=White as Snow (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Winter_(U2_song)=Winter (U2 song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nobody's_Real=Nobody's Real
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goodbye_Pork_Pie_Hat=Goodbye Pork Pie Hat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rubberneckin'=Rubberneckin'
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grace_(Apocalyptica_song)=Grace (Apocalyptica song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Mummy's_Dead=My Mummy's Dead
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ezy_Ryder=Ezy Ryder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laugh_at_Me=Laugh at Me
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fate_of_Chris_Lively_and_Wife=Fate of Chris Lively and Wife
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cripple_and_the_Starfish=Cripple and the Starfish
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caress_Me_Down=Caress Me Down
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Standing_in_the_Eyes_of_the_World=Standing in the Eyes of the World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Irish_Washerwoman=The Irish Washerwoman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Erk_Gah=Erk Gah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Surfing_with_the_Alien_(instrumental)=Surfing with the Alien (instrumental)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hurt_Again=Hurt Again
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Living_in_the_Heart_of_the_Beast=Living in the Heart of the Beast
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Little_Jock_Elliot=Little Jock Elliot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bless_'Em_All=Bless 'Em All
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Burning_Ground=Burning Ground
http://dbpedia.org/resource/You_Were_Right_(Built_to_Spill_song)=You Were Right (Built to Spill song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Triad_(The_Byrds_song)=Triad (The Byrds song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Twelve-step_Suite=Twelve-step Suite
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raining_in_My_Heart=Raining in My Heart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Talking_Old_Soldiers=Talking Old Soldiers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joanne_(song)=Joanne (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silver_Moon_(song)=Silver Moon (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tutta_la_vita=Tutta la vita
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Equinox_(standard)=Equinox (standard)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Poovukkul=Poovukkul
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Murrow_Turning_Over_in_His_Grave=Murrow Turning Over in His Grave
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lineman=The Lineman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/After_All_(The_Miracles_song)=After All (The Miracles song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/True_(Brandy_song)=True (Brandy song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Cottontail_(song)=Peter Cottontail (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/We_Love_You,_Our_Fatherland!=We Love You, Our Fatherland!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dio_Portes_Echi_i_Zoi=Dio Portes Echi i Zoi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Busted_(Johnny_Cash_song)=Busted (Johnny Cash song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wizard_and_I=The Wizard and I
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dancing_Through_Life=Dancing Through Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Draft_Dodger_Rag=Draft Dodger Rag
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Butterfly_Fly_Away=Butterfly Fly Away
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blanco_(song)=Blanco (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madonna_Mia=Madonna Mia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crazier_(Taylor_Swift_song)=Crazier (Taylor Swift song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Your_Forgiveness=Your Forgiveness
http://dbpedia.org/resource/You're_All_I've_Got_Tonight=You're All I've Got Tonight
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Beginning=A Beginning
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Straight,_No_Chaser_(composition)=Straight, No Chaser (composition)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dafino_vino_crveno=Dafino vino crveno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/You_Left_the_Water_Running=You Left the Water Running
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baby_Won't_You_Please_Come_Home=Baby Won't You Please Come Home
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Billie's_Bounce=Billie's Bounce
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Am_a_Lonesome_Hobo=I Am a Lonesome Hobo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mmm_Papi=Mmm Papi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sam_the_Skull=Sam the Skull
http://dbpedia.org/resource/You'll_Always_Find_Your_Way_Back_Home=You'll Always Find Your Way Back Home
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Soulshine_(song)=Soulshine (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gartan_Mother's_Lullaby=Gartan Mother's Lullaby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Highlands_(song)=Highlands (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bags'_Groove_(composition)=Bags' Groove (composition)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patterns_(song)=Patterns (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Metal_(song)=Metal (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Narcolepsy_(song)=Narcolepsy (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Want_You_(Third_Eye_Blind_song)=I Want You (Third Eye Blind song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oh_Me,_Oh_My,_Sweet_Baby=Oh Me, Oh My, Sweet Baby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mera_Kuchh_Saamaan=Mera Kuchh Saamaan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trouble_Every_Day_(song)=Trouble Every Day (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/When_It_Comes_to_You=When It Comes to You
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Note_to_God=Note to God
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Old_Friends_(song)=Old Friends (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Love_You_(Miss_Robot)=I Love You (Miss Robot)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thirsty_Boots=Thirsty Boots
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seven_Cent_Cotton_and_Forty_Cent_Meat=Seven Cent Cotton and Forty Cent Meat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/V_for_Villanova=V for Villanova
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wait_Until_Tomorrow=Wait Until Tomorrow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/For_Emily,_Whenever_I_May_Find_Her=For Emily, Whenever I May Find Her
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shining_Down=Shining Down
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rajan_and_Prema=Rajan and Prema
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Waltz_for_Debby_(song)=Waltz for Debby (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glass_of_Water=Glass of Water
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Touch_(Stan_Bush_song)=The Touch (Stan Bush song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bob_Dylan's_115th_Dream=Bob Dylan's 115th Dream
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mary_Queen_of_Arkansas=Mary Queen of Arkansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Does_This_Bus_Stop_at_82nd_Street%3F=Does This Bus Stop at 82nd Street?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lost_in_the_Flood=Lost in the Flood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Angel_(song)=The Angel (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/For_You_(Bruce_Springsteen_song)=For You (Bruce Springsteen song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ljubav_Nije_Za_Nas=Ljubav Nije Za Nas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kozmic_Blues=Kozmic Blues
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thy_Holy_Wings=Thy Holy Wings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hey_Tuttie_Tatie=Hey Tuttie Tatie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hijack_(Herbie_Mann_song)=Hijack (Herbie Mann song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/OK_Blue_Jays=OK Blue Jays
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ch_Ching_(Cheque_1_2)=Ch Ching (Cheque 1 2)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lowlands_of_Holland=Lowlands of Holland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Designated_Drinker=Designated Drinker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dangerous_(Michael_Jackson_song)=Dangerous (Michael Jackson song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dame_Tu_Amor_(song)=Dame Tu Amor (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/On_the_Road_Again_(Bob_Dylan_song)=On the Road Again (Bob Dylan song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ghost_of_Love_(The_Rasmus_song)=Ghost of Love (The Rasmus song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kilkelly,_Ireland_(song)=Kilkelly, Ireland (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Go_to_Sea_Once_More=Go to Sea Once More
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Those_Magic_Changes=Those Magic Changes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ok,_You're_Right=Ok, You're Right
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Journey's_End=The Journey's End
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jesus_Christ_(Woody_Guthrie_song)=Jesus Christ (Woody Guthrie song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chauffeur_Blues=Chauffeur Blues
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_at_the_Five_and_Dime=Love at the Five and Dime
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Dreamed_I_Saw_St._Augustine=I Dreamed I Saw St. Augustine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I'm_a_Rebel_(song)=I'm a Rebel (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I'm_Still_Remembering=I'm Still Remembering
http://dbpedia.org/resource/For_Me_and_My_Gal_(song)=For Me and My Gal (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/40,000_Headmen=40,000 Headmen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coast_of_High_Barbaree=Coast of High Barbaree
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sailing,_Sailing=Sailing, Sailing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/It_is_Burning=It is Burning
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bang_a_Drum=Bang a Drum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Didn't_Know_My_Own_Strength_(Whitney_Houston_song)=I Didn't Know My Own Strength (Whitney Houston song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Attica_State_(song)=Attica State (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States_of_Eurasia=United States of Eurasia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Omoide_wa_Okkusenman!=Omoide wa Okkusenman!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Got_the_Time=Got the Time
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joey_(Bob_Dylan_song)=Joey (Bob Dylan song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cumberland_Gap_(folk_song)=Cumberland Gap (folk song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sentimental_Lady=Sentimental Lady
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Girls'_Generation_(song)=Girls' Generation (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hero_of_War=Hero of War
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bad_Fog_of_Loneliness=Bad Fog of Loneliness
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rock_and_Roll_Band=Rock and Roll Band
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Supernaut_(song)=Supernaut (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/There's_a_Friend_for_Little_Children=There's a Friend for Little Children
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Land_of_the_Dead_(Voltaire_song)=Land of the Dead (Voltaire song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Son_of_a_Son_of_a_Sailor_(song)=Son of a Son of a Sailor (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Speed_Demon_(song)=Speed Demon (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Can't_Turn_You_Loose=I Can't Turn You Loose
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tell_the_Truth_(song)=Tell the Truth (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boat_Drinks=Boat Drinks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sunshine_Life_for_Me_(Sail_Away_Raymond)=Sunshine Life for Me (Sail Away Raymond)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Work_Me,_Lord=Work Me, Lord
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Missing_You_(Christy_Moore_song)=Missing You (Christy Moore song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tell_Me,_Momma=Tell Me, Momma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_Traubert's_Blues=Tom Traubert's Blues
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kill_the_Lights=Kill the Lights
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rocky_Mountain_Way_(song)=Rocky Mountain Way (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nellie_Dean=Nellie Dean
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Chauffeur=The Chauffeur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strangers_(The_Kinks_song)=Strangers (The Kinks song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Until_It's_Time_for_You_to_Go=Until It's Time for You to Go
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Religion_(song)=New Religion (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phir_Milenge_Chalte_Chalte=Phir Milenge Chalte Chalte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fuckin'_'Ell_It's_Fred_Titmus=Fuckin' 'Ell It's Fred Titmus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/California_Drinking_Song=California Drinking Song
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Me_Plus_One_(Annie_song)=Me Plus One (Annie song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/More_Is_More=More Is More
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_Blade_(song)=Black Blade (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Send_It_On_(Disney's_Friends_for_Change_song)=Send It On (Disney's Friends for Change song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wind-Up_Toy_(song)=Wind-Up Toy (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Like_It_Like_That_(Pete_Rodriguez_song)=I Like It Like That (Pete Rodriguez song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chelsea_Girls_(song)=Chelsea Girls (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Wanna_Go_Crazy=I Wanna Go Crazy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cool_Water=Cool Water
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jamie_Foyers=Jamie Foyers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baby_Face_(1926_song)=Baby Face (1926 song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walk_Away_(Christina_Aguilera_song)=Walk Away (Christina Aguilera song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Something_to_Believe_In_(Ramones_song)=Something to Believe In (Ramones song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hammer_(song)=Hammer (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canvas_(song)=Canvas (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cow-Cow_Boogie=Cow-Cow Boogie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Foreign_Affair_(Mike_Oldfield_song)=Foreign Affair (Mike Oldfield song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oklahoma_U.S.A.=Oklahoma U.S.A.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blame_Game=Blame Game
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oh_Promise_Me=Oh Promise Me
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Song_for_Chi=A Song for Chi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Last_Thing_on_Your_Mind=The Last Thing on Your Mind
http://dbpedia.org/resource/You_Know_I_Love_You_(B.B._King_song)=You Know I Love You (B.B. King song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Root=The Root
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goin'_Down_Geneva=Goin' Down Geneva
http://dbpedia.org/resource/(Mama)_He_Treats_Your_Daughter_Mean=(Mama) He Treats Your Daughter Mean
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shelf_(song)=Shelf (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tan_Feliz=Tan Feliz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fixation_on_the_Darkness=Fixation on the Darkness
http://dbpedia.org/resource/This_Day_We_Fight!=This Day We Fight!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hypnotized_(Fleetwood_Mac_song)=Hypnotized (Fleetwood Mac song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beat_Goes_On_(Madonna_song)=Beat Goes On (Madonna song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Still_Alive=Still Alive
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hurricane_(Thirty_Seconds_to_Mars_song)=Hurricane (Thirty Seconds to Mars song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_Heaven_There_Is_No_Beer=In Heaven There Is No Beer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scotch_and_Soda_(song)=Scotch and Soda (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lady_of_the_Island=Lady of the Island
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_Joke=Black Joke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/This_Is_It_(Michael_Jackson_song)=This Is It (Michael Jackson song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Come_and_Get_It_(Dannii_Minogue_song)=Come and Get It (Dannii Minogue song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Thought_I_Lost_You=I Thought I Lost You
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Little_Boy_that_Santa_Claus_Forgot=The Little Boy that Santa Claus Forgot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/This_Flight_Tonight=This Flight Tonight
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shattered_Glass_(Britney_Spears_song)=Shattered Glass (Britney Spears song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Song_for_You_(Misia_song)=Song for You (Misia song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shinin'_(Nijiiro_no_Rhythm)=Shinin' (Nijiiro no Rhythm)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Pig_Got_Up_and_Slowly_Walked_Away=The Pig Got Up and Slowly Walked Away
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Give_It_All_U_Got=Give It All U Got
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Skin_and_Bones_(song)=Skin and Bones (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tabloid_Junkie=Tabloid Junkie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/When_the_World_Is_Running_Down,_You_Make_the_Best_of_What's_Still_Around=When the World Is Running Down, You Make the Best of What's Still Around
http://dbpedia.org/resource/This_Night_(Booty_Luv_song)=This Night (Booty Luv song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fresh_Out_the_Oven=Fresh Out the Oven
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Where_You_Lead=Where You Lead
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Really_Love_You=Really Love You
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Full_Circle_Song=Full Circle Song
http://dbpedia.org/resource/192_(song)=192 (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Recessional_hymn=Recessional hymn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kabhi_Kabhie_Mere_Dil_Mein=Kabhi Kabhie Mere Dil Mein
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carrying_a_Torch=Carrying a Torch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hasta_Abajo_(Don_Omar_song)=Hasta Abajo (Don Omar song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cailin=Cailin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rest_of_My_Life_(Unwritten_Law_song)=Rest of My Life (Unwritten Law song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Blood=American Blood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chiggy_Wiggy=Chiggy Wiggy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jenny_Was_a_Friend_of_Mine=Jenny Was a Friend of Mine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_Along_(song)=All Along (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_Me_(Justin_Bieber_song)=Love Me (Justin Bieber song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/24's_(RichGirl_song)=24's (RichGirl song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Game_Over_(Tinchy_Stryder_song)=Game Over (Tinchy Stryder song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carmen_(Lana_Del_Rey_song)=Carmen (Lana Del Rey song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Believe_(When_I_Fall_in_Love_It_Will_Be_Forever)=I Believe (When I Fall in Love It Will Be Forever)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/This_Ain't_the_Summer_of_Love=This Ain't the Summer of Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maalaala_Mo_Kaya_(song)=Maalaala Mo Kaya (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Glendy_Burk=The Glendy Burk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madison_Blues=Madison Blues
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fenomen=Fenomen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sad_se_jasno_vidi=Sad se jasno vidi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samo_ponekad=Samo ponekad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/O,_O,_O...=O, O, O...
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sourwood_Mountain=Sourwood Mountain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/'Till_I_Collapse='Till I Collapse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heavy_Metal_Poisoning=Heavy Metal Poisoning
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Hands=My Hands
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christmas_Tree_(Lady_Gaga_song)=Christmas Tree (Lady Gaga song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apples_and_Bananas=Apples and Bananas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Outta_My_Head_(Leona_Lewis_song)=Outta My Head (Leona Lewis song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trouble_(Elvis_Presley_song)=Trouble (Elvis Presley song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Homing_Beacon/The_Landing_Beacon=The Homing Beacon/The Landing Beacon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_Way_Love_(Bert_Berns_song)=One Way Love (Bert Berns song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I'm_Wastin'_My_Tears_on_You=I'm Wastin' My Tears on You
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_See_You_(Theme_from_Avatar)=I See You (Theme from Avatar)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silver_Train_(song)=Silver Train (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Speechless_(Lady_Gaga_song)=Speechless (Lady Gaga song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/So_Happy_I_Could_Die=So Happy I Could Die
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Let's_Put_Out_the_Lights_(and_Go_to_Sleep)=Let's Put Out the Lights (and Go to Sleep)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Tear_from_a_Woman's_Eyes=A Tear from a Woman's Eyes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don't_Talk_2_Strangers=Don't Talk 2 Strangers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/El_Triste=El Triste
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I'm_Gonna_Wash_That_Man_Right_Outa_My_Hair=I'm Gonna Wash That Man Right Outa My Hair
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Everybody_Works_but_Father=Everybody Works but Father
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Song_for_a_Son=A Song for a Son
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lucy_(Julian_Lennon_song)=Lucy (Julian Lennon song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/It's_Only_Love_Doing_Its_Thing=It's Only Love Doing Its Thing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Little_Lost_Child=The Little Lost Child
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Witchqueen_of_Eldorado=Witchqueen of Eldorado
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phat_Planet=Phat Planet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Can_We_Go_Back=Can We Go Back
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fifty_Grand_for_Christmas=Fifty Grand for Christmas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Make_Me_a_Pallet_on_the_Floor=Make Me a Pallet on the Floor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tere_Bina=Tere Bina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/You_Win_Again_(Hank_Williams_song)=You Win Again (Hank Williams song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shooting_Star_(Modern_Talking_song)=Shooting Star (Modern Talking song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Soldier_of_Fortune_(song)=Soldier of Fortune (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dark_Was_the_Night,_Cold_Was_the_Ground=Dark Was the Night, Cold Was the Ground
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Untouchable_(Lisa_Lopes_song)=Untouchable (Lisa Lopes song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/An_Olive_Grove_Facing_the_Sea=An Olive Grove Facing the Sea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Silence_(song)=The Silence (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fast_Car_(Namie_Amuro_song)=Fast Car (Namie Amuro song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glam_(song)=Glam (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hut-Sut_Song=The Hut-Sut Song
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glad_to_Be_Gay=Glad to Be Gay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Loser_Gone_Wild=Loser Gone Wild
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Left_Alone_(song)=Left Alone (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Love_(Namie_Amuro_song)=My Love (Namie Amuro song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_National_Front_Disco=The National Front Disco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prince_(song)=Prince (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Air_Man_ga_Taosenai=Air Man ga Taosenai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Faget_(song)=Faget (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tumi_Ki_Sara_Dibe%3F=Tumi Ki Sara Dibe?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apni_Azadi_Ko_Hum_Hargis_Mita_Sakte_Nahin=Apni Azadi Ko Hum Hargis Mita Sakte Nahin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Thistle_o'_Scotland_(song)=The Thistle o' Scotland (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stranded_(Haiti_Mon_Amour)=Stranded (Haiti Mon Amour)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reaching_Out_(Queen_+_Paul_Rodgers_song)=Reaching Out (Queen + Paul Rodgers song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Come_from_the_Heart=Come from the Heart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/(I_Can't_Make_It)_Another_Day=(I Can't Make It) Another Day
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Butcher_Boy_(folk_song)=The Butcher Boy (folk song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Teki_Wa_Ikuman=Teki Wa Ikuman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Never_Let_You_Go_(Justin_Bieber_song)=Never Let You Go (Justin Bieber song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/If_You_Ever_Fall_in_Love_Again=If You Ever Fall in Love Again
http://dbpedia.org/resource/So_Far_Away_(Goo_Goo_Dolls_song)=So Far Away (Goo Goo Dolls song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Haiti_I_Am_Sorry=Haiti I Am Sorry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/100%25_(Mariah_Carey_song)=100% (Mariah Carey song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/For_You_(Ricky_Nelson_song)=For You (Ricky Nelson song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Knockout_(Lil_Wayne_song)=Knockout (Lil Wayne song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cemeteries_of_London=Cemeteries of London
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacky_(song)=Jacky (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yes_(Coldplay_song)=Yes (Coldplay song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/San_Francisco_Mabel_Joy=San Francisco Mabel Joy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Death_and_All_His_Friends=Death and All His Friends
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aaromale=Aaromale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Proud_(Britannia_High_song)=Proud (Britannia High song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Slug_(song)=Slug (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/42_(song)=42 (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hosanna_(A._R._Rahman_song)=Hosanna (A. R. Rahman song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Same=My Same
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rhythm-a-Ning=Rhythm-a-Ning
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samantha_(Hole_song)=Samantha (Hole song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_I_Ever_Wanted_(Aranda_song)=All I Ever Wanted (Aranda song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crucifixion_(song)=Crucifixion (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Follow_Me_Down=Follow Me Down
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seattlehead=Seattlehead
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Little_Neutrino=Little Neutrino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Llef=Llef
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Got_to_Find_My_Baby=I Got to Find My Baby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Need_You_for_Christmas=I Need You for Christmas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Still_Miss_Someone=I Still Miss Someone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/What_is_this_Feeling%3F=What is this Feeling?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reverse_Cowgirl_(song)=Reverse Cowgirl (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Who_We_Are_(song)=Who We Are (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hokus_Pokus_(Insane_Clown_Posse_song)=Hokus Pokus (Insane Clown Posse song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scars_(Natalie_Imbruglia_song)=Scars (Natalie Imbruglia song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seek_&_Destroy=Seek & Destroy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bionic_(Christina_Aguilera_song)=Bionic (Christina Aguilera song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I'll_Be_Your_Lover,_Too=I'll Be Your Lover, Too
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silver_Springs_(song)=Silver Springs (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rakes_of_Mallow=Rakes of Mallow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Younger_Than_Springtime=Younger Than Springtime
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edge_of_This_World=Edge of This World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Good_Company_(Queen_song)=Good Company (Queen song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stani,_stani_Ibar_vodo=Stani, stani Ibar vodo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/That's_the_Way_Love_Ought_to_Be=That's the Way Love Ought to Be
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Have_Ya_Got_Any_Gum,_Chum%3F=Have Ya Got Any Gum, Chum?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Captive_Heart_(song)=Captive Heart (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ooh_Baby_(Mario_song)=Ooh Baby (Mario song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heaven_Can_Wait_(Michael_Jackson_song)=Heaven Can Wait (Michael Jackson song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ashley's_Roachclip=Ashley's Roachclip
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Handful_of_Keys=Handful of Keys
http://dbpedia.org/resource/So_Long,_Marianne=So Long, Marianne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/For_Everyman_(song)=For Everyman (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adam_Raised_a_Cain=Adam Raised a Cain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Unusual_You=Unusual You
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chica_Fatal=Chica Fatal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Debbie_Gibson_Is_Pregnant_with_My_Two-Headed_Love_Child=Debbie Gibson Is Pregnant with My Two-Headed Love Child
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Possibility_(song)=Possibility (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goodnight,_Ladies=Goodnight, Ladies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Everywhere_You_Go_(World_Cup_song)=Everywhere You Go (World Cup song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zamina_mina_(Zangalewa)=Zamina mina (Zangalewa)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love's_Old_Sweet_Song=Love's Old Sweet Song
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Born_Free_(M.I.A._song)=Born Free (M.I.A. song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prospekt's_March/Poppyfields=Prospekt's March/Poppyfields
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_Me_(Lena_Meyer-Landrut_song)=Love Me (Lena Meyer-Landrut song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/This_Life_(Theme_from_Sons_of_Anarchy)=This Life (Theme from Sons of Anarchy)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bharata_Mataku_Jejelu=Bharata Mataku Jejelu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edesamegina_Endukalidina=Edesamegina Endukalidina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heimat,_Deine_Sterne=Heimat, Deine Sterne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Back_to_the_Start_(song)=Back to the Start (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mutyala_Saralu=Mutyala Saralu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Prayer_(Bono_song)=American Prayer (Bono song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Other_Day_I_Met_a_Bear=The Other Day I Met a Bear
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Music_Box_(Eminem_song)=Music Box (Eminem song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Street_of_Dreams_(Guns_N'_Roses_song)=Street of Dreams (Guns N' Roses song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Million_Miles_Away_(Hanoi_Rocks_song)=Million Miles Away (Hanoi Rocks song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BB_Good_(song)=BB Good (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Head,_Shoulders,_Knees_and_Toes=Head, Shoulders, Knees and Toes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Breathe_(Taylor_Swift_song)=Breathe (Taylor Swift song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Off_&_On=Off & On
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rock_You=Rock You
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fembot_(song)=Fembot (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/D.N.A._(A_Flock_of_Seagulls_song)=D.N.A. (A Flock of Seagulls song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sunday_(Schiller_song)=Sunday (Schiller song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Join_the_British_Army=Join the British Army
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dear_Boy_(song)=Dear Boy (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Unreachable_(song)=Unreachable (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/So_Cal_Loco_(Party_Like_a_Rockstar)=So Cal Loco (Party Like a Rockstar)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/March_of_Shkup=March of Shkup
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kick_It_Out_(Boom_Boom_Satellites_song)=Kick It Out (Boom Boom Satellites song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christmas_Card_from_a_Hooker_in_Minneapolis=Christmas Card from a Hooker in Minneapolis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Romeo_Is_Bleeding_(song)=Romeo Is Bleeding (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kentucky_Avenue=Kentucky Avenue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ciribiribin=Ciribiribin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thuli_Thuli=Thuli Thuli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monster_(Lady_Gaga_song)=Monster (Lady Gaga song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liberty_Walk=Liberty Walk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aap_Jaisa_Koi=Aap Jaisa Koi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Won't_Back_Down_(Eminem_song)=Won't Back Down (Eminem song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Izlel_ye_Delyo_Haydutin=Izlel ye Delyo Haydutin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/When_the_Red,_Red_Robin_(Comes_Bob,_Bob,_Bobbin'_Along)=When the Red, Red Robin (Comes Bob, Bob, Bobbin' Along)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Warm_Ride=Warm Ride
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swing_Down_Sweet_Chariot=Swing Down Sweet Chariot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Up_All_Night_(Drake_song)=Up All Night (Drake song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deep_Elm_Blues=Deep Elm Blues
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I'd_Have_You_Anytime=I'd Have You Anytime
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Talkin'_John_Birch_Paranoid_Blues=Talkin' John Birch Paranoid Blues
http://dbpedia.org/resource/9AM_in_Dallas=9AM in Dallas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fireworks_(Drake_song)=Fireworks (Drake song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/She's_Your_Lover_Now=She's Your Lover Now
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sleep_Dirt_(instrumental)=Sleep Dirt (instrumental)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stand_Up_(The_Feelers_song)=Stand Up (The Feelers song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fall_Again=Fall Again
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Satellite_15..._The_Final_Frontier=Satellite 15... The Final Frontier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Datura_(song)=Datura (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Down_Along_the_Cove=Down Along the Cove
http://dbpedia.org/resource/There's_a_Man_Going_Around_Taking_Names=There's a Man Going Around Taking Names
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Have_Mercy_on_the_Criminal=Have Mercy on the Criminal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Think_I'm_Going_to_Kill_Myself=I Think I'm Going to Kill Myself
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bro_Hymn=Bro Hymn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Come_On_Over_(Bee_Gees_song)=Come On Over (Bee Gees song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Not_Like_the_Movies=Not Like the Movies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Circle_the_Drain=Circle the Drain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walkabout_(Atlas_Sound_song)=Walkabout (Atlas Sound song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arima_Arima=Arima Arima
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Irumbile_Oru_Irudhaiyam=Irumbile Oru Irudhaiyam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Another_Day_(Roy_Harper_song)=Another Day (Roy Harper song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Worn_Me_Down=Worn Me Down
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hello_There=Hello There
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kray,_miy_ridniy_kray=Kray, miy ridniy kray
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cross_My_Heart_(Phil_Ochs_song)=Cross My Heart (Phil Ochs song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dil_Se_Re=Dil Se Re
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Protest=I Protest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_Way_Ticket_Home=One Way Ticket Home
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Life_(Phil_Ochs_song)=My Life (Phil Ochs song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Za_Ukrainu=Za Ukrainu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I'm_Not_that_Girl_(song)=I'm Not that Girl (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Me,_Myself_and_Time=Me, Myself and Time
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Youngstown_(song)=Youngstown (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Girl_Friend_of_the_Whirling_Dervish=Girl Friend of the Whirling Dervish
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madman_(song)=Madman (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_New_Timer=The New Timer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Last_Thoughts_on_Woody_Guthrie=Last Thoughts on Woody Guthrie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mistreated_(song)=Mistreated (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crying_in_the_Rain_(Whitesnake_song)=Crying in the Rain (Whitesnake song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marathi_Abhimaangeet=Marathi Abhimaangeet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kadhal_Anukkal=Kadhal Anukkal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walls_of_Red_Wing=Walls of Red Wing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mayya_(song)=Mayya (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cheater_(song)=Cheater (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jiyo_Utho_Bado_Jeeto=Jiyo Utho Bado Jeeto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bell_Boy_(song)=Bell Boy (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hunter_(Albert_King_song)=The Hunter (Albert King song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Proof_(I_Am_Kloot_song)=Proof (I Am Kloot song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carolan's_Welcome=Carolan's Welcome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Most_Unwanted_Song=The Most Unwanted Song
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tamashii_Revolution=Tamashii Revolution
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caminito_(song)=Caminito (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/See_Me_Now=See Me Now
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peacock_(song)=Peacock (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/4_the_Tears_in_Your_Eyes=4 the Tears in Your Eyes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Devil_in_a_New_Dress=Devil in a New Dress
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kilimanjaro_(song)=Kilimanjaro (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ninnie_Knees_Up=Ninnie Knees Up
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hold_On_(Yes_song)=Hold On (Yes song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Changes_(Yes_song)=Changes (Yes song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cinema_(Yes_song)=Cinema (Yes song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Runaway_Baby=Runaway Baby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liquor_Store_Blues=Liquor Store Blues
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lay_Down_Your_Weary_Tune=Lay Down Your Weary Tune
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Down_in_the_Willow_Garden=Down in the Willow Garden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thousands_Are_Sailing=Thousands Are Sailing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rap_Song=Rap Song
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Life_in_Harmony=Life in Harmony
http://dbpedia.org/resource/When_You're_an_Addams=When You're an Addams
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Someday_Soon_(Ian_Tyson_song)=Someday Soon (Ian Tyson song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baby_Be_Mine_(Michael_Jackson_song)=Baby Be Mine (Michael Jackson song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Where_to_Now_St._Peter%3F=Where to Now St. Peter?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Son_of_Your_Father=Son of Your Father
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mothers_of_the_Disappeared=Mothers of the Disappeared
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Galway_Races_(song)=The Galway Races (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Melancolie_(Grigore_Vieru_song)=Melancolie (Grigore Vieru song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Speak_Now_(song)=Speak Now (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scoubidou_(song)=Scoubidou (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stupid_in_Love=Stupid in Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stop_the_Rock=Stop the Rock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Let's_Get_It_In=Let's Get It In
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roses_of_Prince_Charlie=Roses of Prince Charlie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Masakali=Masakali
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Search_and_Destroy_(Thirty_Seconds_to_Mars_song)=Search and Destroy (Thirty Seconds to Mars song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1998_(instrumental)=1998 (instrumental)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Here_I_Go_(Syd_Barrett_song)=Here I Go (Syd Barrett song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Spaniard_That_Blighted_My_Life=The Spaniard That Blighted My Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fuerte_(song)=Fuerte (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_More_Time_(James_LaBrie_song)=One More Time (James LaBrie song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Metal_Meltdown_(Judas_Priest_song)=Metal Meltdown (Judas Priest song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crazy_Blues=Crazy Blues
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Candy-O_(song)=Candy-O (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/God's_Counting_on_Me,_God's_Counting_on_You=God's Counting on Me, God's Counting on You
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lille_katt=Lille katt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sacred_Worlds=Sacred Worlds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dard-e-Disco=Dard-e-Disco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Only_Star=My Only Star
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Setting_Me_Up=Setting Me Up
http://dbpedia.org/resource/River_of_Tuoni_(song)=River of Tuoni (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Young_Grow_Old=Young Grow Old
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fire_in_the_Hole_(Skid_Row_song)=Fire in the Hole (Skid Row song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Do_It_Again_(George_Gershwin_and_Buddy_DeSylva_song)=Do It Again (George Gershwin and Buddy DeSylva song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Folk_Singer=The Folk Singer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Brown_(Bob_Dylan_song)=John Brown (Bob Dylan song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sleazy_(Kesha_song)=Sleazy (Kesha song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Running_to_the_Edge_of_the_World=Running to the Edge of the World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roman's_Revenge=Roman's Revenge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/What_Keeps_Mankind_Alive%3F=What Keeps Mankind Alive?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/If_It_Wasn't_for_the_Nights=If It Wasn't for the Nights
http://dbpedia.org/resource/So_Appalled=So Appalled
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Song_for_Ronnie_James=Song for Ronnie James
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Breaking_News_(Michael_Jackson_song)=Breaking News (Michael Jackson song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Infatuation_(Christina_Aguilera_song)=Infatuation (Christina Aguilera song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Si_No_Te_Hubiera_Conocido=Si No Te Hubiera Conocido
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Our_Song_(Yes_song)=Our Song (Yes song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don't_Sit_Under_the_Apple_Tree_(with_Anyone_Else_but_Me)=Don't Sit Under the Apple Tree (with Anyone Else but Me)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Air_Mata_di_Kuala_Lumpur=Air Mata di Kuala Lumpur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rastlose_Liebe=Rastlose Liebe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Me_and_the_Devil_Blues=Me and the Devil Blues
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Life_Goes_On_(Elisa_song)=Life Goes On (Elisa song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Midnight_Lady_(1982_song)=Midnight Lady (1982 song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Checkin'_Up_on_My_Baby=Checkin' Up on My Baby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Show_Me_Love_(Not_a_Dream)=Show Me Love (Not a Dream)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Year's_Eve_(song)=New Year's Eve (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angelina_Baker=Angelina Baker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Picasso's_Last_Words_(Drink_to_Me)=Picasso's Last Words (Drink to Me)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/13th_August_(instrumental)=13th August (instrumental)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taurus_(instrumental)=Taurus (instrumental)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Egyptian_Danza=Egyptian Danza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Castle_Walls=Castle Walls
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Much_Too_Much_(The_Who_song)=Much Too Much (The Who song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Skin_(Rihanna_song)=Skin (Rihanna song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fading_(song)=Fading (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stargazer_(Rainbow_song)=Stargazer (Rainbow song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/If_You_Can_Put_That_in_a_Bottle=If You Can Put That in a Bottle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A-Hunting_We_Will_Go=A-Hunting We Will Go
http://dbpedia.org/resource/When_My_Sugar_Walks_Down_the_Street=When My Sugar Walks Down the Street
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Other_Arms=Other Arms
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ballad_of_Sir_Frankie_Crisp_(Let_It_Roll)=Ballad of Sir Frankie Crisp (Let It Roll)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bigger_(Justin_Bieber_song)=Bigger (Justin Bieber song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Willie_the_Weeper=Willie the Weeper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Down_to_Earth_(Justin_Bieber_song)=Down to Earth (Justin Bieber song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Behind_the_Mask_(Yellow_Magic_Orchestra_song)=Behind the Mask (Yellow Magic Orchestra song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Widow_Wake_My_Mind=Widow Wake My Mind
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mangwane_Mpulele=Mangwane Mpulele
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Old_Dutch_(song)=My Old Dutch (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_the_Way_You_Lie_(Part_II)=Love the Way You Lie (Part II)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Push_(Avril_Lavigne_song)=Push (Avril Lavigne song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sing_Like_Me=Sing Like Me
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blue_Tip=Blue Tip
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Way_You_Love_Me_(Keri_Hilson_song)=The Way You Love Me (Keri Hilson song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Old_Rosin_the_Beau=Old Rosin the Beau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Farewell_(Bob_Dylan_song)=Farewell (Bob Dylan song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Can't_Wait_'Til_Christmas=Can't Wait 'Til Christmas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Who_Would_Imagine_a_King=Who Would Imagine a King
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Every_Street's_a_Boulevard_in_Old_New_York=Every Street's a Boulevard in Old New York
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Repeat_after_me_song=Repeat after me song
http://dbpedia.org/resource/You_and_Your_Sister=You and Your Sister
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Naked_Eye_(The_Who_song)=Naked Eye (The Who song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Durango_95_(song)=Durango 95 (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Need_Your_Love_(Cheap_Trick_song)=Need Your Love (Cheap Trick song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thinking_of_Linking=Thinking of Linking
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wish_You_Were_Here_(Pink_Floyd_song)=Wish You Were Here (Pink Floyd song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Old_Age_(song)=Old Age (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Condom_(song)=Condom (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hit_It_Again=Hit It Again
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sanjuanero=Sanjuanero
http://dbpedia.org/resource/King_Henry_Fifth's_Conquest_of_France=King Henry Fifth's Conquest of France
http://dbpedia.org/resource/De_Ghuma_Ke=De Ghuma Ke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ich_weiss,_es_wird_einmal_ein_Wunder_geschehen=Ich weiss, es wird einmal ein Wunder geschehen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fear_the_Boom_and_Bust=Fear the Boom and Bust
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Thing_Called_Love_(song)=A Thing Called Love (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Winter's_Tale_(David_Essex_song)=A Winter's Tale (David Essex song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Shall_Not_Be_Moved=I Shall Not Be Moved
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Freakum_Dress=Freakum Dress
http://dbpedia.org/resource/First_Dance_(song)=First Dance (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oru_Kal_Oru_Kannadi_(song)=Oru Kal Oru Kannadi (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chhookar_Mere_Man_Ko_Kiya_Toone_Kya_Ishaara=Chhookar Mere Man Ko Kiya Toone Kya Ishaara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/We_Are_Coming,_Father_Abra'am=We Are Coming, Father Abra'am
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wretches_and_Kings_(Linkin_Park_song)=Wretches and Kings (Linkin Park song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ares_(Villains_Remix)=Ares (Villains Remix)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kiss_Me_Quick_(song)=Kiss Me Quick (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Switchboard_Susan=Switchboard Susan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Booty_Bounce=Booty Bounce
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Funtime_(Iggy_Pop_song)=Funtime (Iggy Pop song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Soy_de_San_Luis=Soy de San Luis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Little_Black_Egg=The Little Black Egg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/If_I_Rise=If I Rise
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anselma=Anselma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Piya_Ke_Milan_Ki_Aas=Piya Ke Milan Ki Aas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Awara_Hoon=Awara Hoon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Exit_(U2_song)=Exit (U2 song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Knew_the_Bride=I Knew the Bride
http://dbpedia.org/resource/We_Don't_Know_Where_We're_Going=We Don't Know Where We're Going
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Soft_Flowing_Avon=Soft Flowing Avon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Casualty_of_Love=Casualty of Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/He's_My_Sunny_Boy=He's My Sunny Boy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arrow_Through_the_Heart=Arrow Through the Heart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Come_All_You_Fair_and_Tender_Ladies=Come All You Fair and Tender Ladies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leaning_on_the_Everlasting_Arms=Leaning on the Everlasting Arms
http://dbpedia.org/resource/That_Should_Be_Me=That Should Be Me
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aphrodite_(song)=Aphrodite (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gee,_Mom,_I_Want_to_Go_Home=Gee, Mom, I Want to Go Home
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Only_a_Pawn_in_Their_Game=Only a Pawn in Their Game
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Where_Is_My_Mind%3F=Where Is My Mind?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/When_It's_Lamp_Lighting_Time_in_the_Valley=When It's Lamp Lighting Time in the Valley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/It's_Christmas_(All_Over_the_World)=It's Christmas (All Over the World)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Got_to_Get_You_into_My_Life=Got to Get You into My Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Santa-Fe_(Bob_Dylan_song)=Santa-Fe (Bob Dylan song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Changing_Seasons_(music_video)=Changing Seasons (music video)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lotus_Flower_(song)=Lotus Flower (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Duran_Duran_(song)=Duran Duran (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lift_Me_Up_(Christina_Aguilera_song)=Lift Me Up (Christina Aguilera song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kal_Chaudhvin_Ki_Raat_Thi=Kal Chaudhvin Ki Raat Thi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mustaa_kahvia=Mustaa kahvia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frankie_Teardrop=Frankie Teardrop
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ik_zou_je_het_liefste_in_een_doosje_willen_doen=Ik zou je het liefste in een doosje willen doen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pretty_Saro=Pretty Saro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/To_Be_Alone_with_You=To Be Alone with You
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_See_the_Light=I See the Light
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bring_Me_Down_(You_Don't)=Bring Me Down (You Don't)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Wesley_Harding_(song)=John Wesley Harding (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Madelon=La Madelon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/This_Endris_Night=This Endris Night
http://dbpedia.org/resource/You're_Nearer=You're Nearer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trials,_Troubles,_Tribulations=Trials, Troubles, Tribulations
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kite_(Kate_Bush_song)=Kite (Kate Bush song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Down_in_New_Orleans_(song)=Down in New Orleans (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inside_Out_(Britney_Spears_song)=Inside Out (Britney Spears song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zor_and_Zam=Zor and Zam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ocho_Kandelikas=Ocho Kandelikas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grand_Coulee_Dam_(song)=Grand Coulee Dam (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blackbird_(Alter_Bridge_song)=Blackbird (Alter Bridge song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Piya_Tu_Ab_To_Aaja=Piya Tu Ab To Aaja
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cash_on_the_Barrelhead=Cash on the Barrelhead
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Age_(song)=Age (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/After_Loving_You=After Loving You
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_I_Needed_Was_the_Rain=All I Needed Was the Rain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beyond_the_Reef=Beyond the Reef
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Finders_Keepers,_Losers_Weepers=Finders Keepers, Losers Weepers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fools_Fall_In_Love=Fools Fall In Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Girl_of_My_Best_Friend=The Girl of My Best Friend
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Girl_Next_Door_Went_A-Walking=Girl Next Door Went A-Walking
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Got_a_Lot_o'_Livin'_to_Do=Got a Lot o' Livin' to Do
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Gotta_Know=I Gotta Know
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Hear_a_Sweet_Voice_Calling=I Hear a Sweet Voice Calling
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Need_You_So=I Need You So
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Was_the_One=I Was the One
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Washed_My_Hands_In_Muddy_Water=I Washed My Hands In Muddy Water
http://dbpedia.org/resource/If_Every_Day_Was_Like_Christmas=If Every Day Was Like Christmas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I'll_Be_Home_on_Christmas_Day=I'll Be Home on Christmas Day
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I'll_Hold_You_in_My_Heart=I'll Hold You in My Heart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I'll_Remember_You=I'll Remember You
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_My_Father's_House_(song)=In My Father's House (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Just_a_Little_Talk_with_Jesus=Just a Little Talk with Jesus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Long_Black_Limousine=Long Black Limousine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mama_Liked_the_Roses=Mama Liked the Roses
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mansion_Over_the_Hilltop=Mansion Over the Hilltop
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Men_with_Broken_Hearts=Men with Broken Hearts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Meanest_Girl_in_Town=The Meanest Girl in Town
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Milky_White_Way=Milky White Way
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moonlight_Swim=Moonlight Swim
http://dbpedia.org/resource/On_the_Jericho_Road=On the Jericho Road
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pocketful_of_Rainbows=Pocketful of Rainbows
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Poor_Man's_Gold=Poor Man's Gold
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Santa_Bring_My_Baby_Back_(To_Me)=Santa Bring My Baby Back (To Me)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_golondrina=La golondrina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Santa_Claus_Is_Back_in_Town=Santa Claus Is Back in Town
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Somebody_Bigger_Than_You_and_I=Somebody Bigger Than You and I
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steppin'_Out_of_Line=Steppin' Out of Line
http://dbpedia.org/resource/There_Is_So_Much_World_to_See=There Is So Much World to See
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Three_Corn_Patches=Three Corn Patches
http://dbpedia.org/resource/That's_When_Your_Heartaches_Begin=That's When Your Heartaches Begin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thrill_of_Your_Love=Thrill of Your Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/True_Love_Travels_on_a_Gravel_Road=True Love Travels on a Gravel Road
http://dbpedia.org/resource/We're_Gonna_Move=We're Gonna Move
http://dbpedia.org/resource/We_Call_On_Him=We Call On Him
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wearin'_That_Loved-On_Look=Wearin' That Loved-On Look
http://dbpedia.org/resource/When_It_Rains,_It_Really_Pours=When It Rains, It Really Pours
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Where_Did_They_Go,_Lord%3F=Where Did They Go, Lord?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/You're_a_Heartbreaker=You're a Heartbreaker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Young_and_Beautiful_(Elvis_Presley_song)=Young and Beautiful (Elvis Presley song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/You're_the_Boss=You're the Boss
http://dbpedia.org/resource/You're_the_Only_Star_in_My_Blue_Heaven=You're the Only Star in My Blue Heaven
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giati_Fovase=Giati Fovase
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Second_Time_Around=The Second Time Around
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hammerhead_(Jeff_Beck_song)=Hammerhead (Jeff Beck song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Do_the_Russians_Want_War%3F=Do the Russians Want War?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alive_(The_Black_Eyed_Peas_song)=Alive (The Black Eyed Peas song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angry_World=Angry World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cold_Gin=Cold Gin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sidi_Mansour_(song)=Sidi Mansour (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/You_&_Me_(Superfly_song)=You & Me (Superfly song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xxplosive=Xxplosive
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Secret_Secret=Secret Secret
http://dbpedia.org/resource/They_Won't_Go_When_I_Go=They Won't Go When I Go
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lloyd_George_Knew_My_Father_(song)=Lloyd George Knew My Father (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dancehall_Queen_(Robyn_song)=Dancehall Queen (Robyn song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Americano_(song)=Americano (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hair_(Lady_Gaga_song)=Hair (Lady Gaga song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Government_Hooker=Government Hooker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pibare_Rama_Rasam=Pibare Rama Rasam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/(What_Is)_Love%3F=(What Is) Love?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_King_of_Rome=The King of Rome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Big_Fat_Bass=Big Fat Bass
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tajomstvo_hier=Tajomstvo hier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brick_by_Brick_(Arctic_Monkeys_song)=Brick by Brick (Arctic Monkeys song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Searching_for_Plum_Blossoms_in_Snow=Searching for Plum Blossoms in Snow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/You_and_I_(We_Can_Conquer_the_World)=You and I (We Can Conquer the World)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lobachevsky_(song)=Lobachevsky (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/High_Maintenance_(song)=High Maintenance (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Warning_(Eminem_song)=The Warning (Eminem song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lonely_(Christina_Perri_song)=The Lonely (Christina Perri song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Koloseum=Koloseum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chlapci_v_pasci=Chlapci v pasci
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dark_Fantasy_(song)=Dark Fantasy (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/En_Kadhal_Solla=En Kadhal Solla
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Simple_Man_(Lynyrd_Skynyrd_song)=Simple Man (Lynyrd Skynyrd song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chicago_(Sufjan_Stevens_song)=Chicago (Sufjan Stevens song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Highland_Mary=Highland Mary
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maware_Maware=Maware Maware
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Enamo_Aedho=Enamo Aedho
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wonder_Woman_(Namie_Amuro_song)=Wonder Woman (Namie Amuro song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bad_Meets_Evil_(song)=Bad Meets Evil (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_(song)=West (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Catfish_(Bob_Dylan_song)=Catfish (Bob Dylan song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hero's_Return=The Hero's Return
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Run_of_the_Mill_(George_Harrison_song)=Run of the Mill (George Harrison song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cam_Ye_O'er_Frae_France=Cam Ye O'er Frae France
http://dbpedia.org/resource/(Drop_Dead)_Beautiful=(Drop Dead) Beautiful
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Australia_(Whore_of_the_world)=Australia (Whore of the world)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mr._Self_Destruct=Mr. Self Destruct
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keep_Young_and_Beautiful=Keep Young and Beautiful
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prinz_Eugen,_der_edle_Ritter=Prinz Eugen, der edle Ritter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crescent_City_(song)=Crescent City (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jamie_Raeburn=Jamie Raeburn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Where_Did_You_Get_That_Hat%3F=Where Did You Get That Hat?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Night_of_the_Hunter_(Thirty_Seconds_to_Mars_song)=Night of the Hunter (Thirty Seconds to Mars song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1+1_(song)=1+1 (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ik_Junoon_(Paint_It_Red)=Ik Junoon (Paint It Red)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bhaag_D.K._Bose=Bhaag D.K. Bose
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Delgadina=La Delgadina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Compass_(Mark_Vincent_song)=Compass (Mark Vincent song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/With_a_Little_Bit_of_Luck=With a Little Bit of Luck
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heart_of_Mine_(Peter_Salett_song)=Heart of Mine (Peter Salett song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marathon_(Rush_song)=Marathon (Rush song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Where_the_Dream_Takes_You=Where the Dream Takes You
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sunday_(The_Cranberries_song)=Sunday (The Cranberries song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bang_Bang_Bang_(Selena_Gomez_&_the_Scene_song)=Bang Bang Bang (Selena Gomez & the Scene song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kunnon_syy=Kunnon syy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toinen=Toinen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lovely_Linda=The Lovely Linda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ashita_e=Ashita e
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georgia_(Cee_Lo_Green_song)=Georgia (Cee Lo Green song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Song_of_the_Marines=The Song of the Marines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shelter_(The_xx_song)=Shelter (The xx song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I'm_Not_Jesus_(Ramones_song)=I'm Not Jesus (Ramones song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Talking_to_the_Moon_(song)=Talking to the Moon (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dreaming_My_Dreams_(The_Cranberries_song)=Dreaming My Dreams (The Cranberries song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Swung_the_Election=I Swung the Election
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kal_Ho_Naa_Ho_(song)=Kal Ho Naa Ho (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aaj_Ki_Raat=Aaj Ki Raat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Haste_to_the_Wedding_(jig)=Haste to the Wedding (jig)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mitwa=Mitwa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Serial_Thrilla_(The_Prodigy_song)=Serial Thrilla (The Prodigy song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Can't_Live_Without_You_in_This_Town=I Can't Live Without You in This Town
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uff_Teri_Adaa=Uff Teri Adaa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Havana_Affair=Havana Affair
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Woh_Ladki_Hai_Kahan=Woh Ladki Hai Kahan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Old_Blue_(song)=Old Blue (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Copycat_(The_Cranberries_song)=Copycat (The Cranberries song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jaane_Kyon=Jaane Kyon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heavenly_Night=Heavenly Night
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_22_June_song=The 22 June song
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flowers_of_Edinburgh=Flowers of Edinburgh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Celtic_Celtic_(That's_the_Team_for_Me)=Celtic Celtic (That's the Team for Me)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hail_Hail_the_Celts_Are_Here=Hail Hail the Celts Are Here
http://dbpedia.org/resource/This_Is_Me_(Misia_song)=This Is Me (Misia song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/So_Long,_Frank_Lloyd_Wright=So Long, Frank Lloyd Wright
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manang_Biday=Manang Biday
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steel_and_Glass=Steel and Glass
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blackberry_Blossom_(tune)=Blackberry Blossom (tune)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yew_Piney_Mountain=Yew Piney Mountain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/If_You_Want_My_Lovin'=If You Want My Lovin'
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iragai_Pole=Iragai Pole
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Idhu_Varai=Idhu Varai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Freedom_(Sugababes_song)=Freedom (Sugababes song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/What_If_(Colbie_Caillat_song)=What If (Colbie Caillat song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moving_to_Mars_(song)=Moving to Mars (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Major_Minus=Major Minus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dirge_(Bob_Dylan_song)=Dirge (Bob Dylan song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Old_Dirt_Road=Old Dirt Road
http://dbpedia.org/resource/India,_India=India, India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Give_Me_Something=Give Me Something
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wouldnit_(I'm_a_Star)=Wouldnit (I'm a Star)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I'm_Not_Getting_Enough=I'm Not Getting Enough
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Go_to_Sleep=I Go to Sleep
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spirit_of_the_Season=Spirit of the Season
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Faithless_Love=Faithless Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Was_Here_(song)=I Was Here (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/You're_the_One_(Yoko_Ono_song)=You're the One (Yoko Ono song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cliffs_of_Dooneen=Cliffs of Dooneen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gorgeous_(Kanye_West_song)=Gorgeous (Kanye West song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Side_Effects_(song)=Side Effects (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don't_Go_Breaking_My_Heart_(Agnes_song)=Don't Go Breaking My Heart (Agnes song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Star_Called_Sun=The Star Called Sun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lunar_(song)=Lunar (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_Story_wa_Totsuzen_ni=Love Story wa Totsuzen ni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bullet_(Hollywood_Undead_song)=Bullet (Hollywood Undead song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Your_Feet's_Too_Big=Your Feet's Too Big
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Highway_Unicorn_(Road_to_Love)=Highway Unicorn (Road to Love)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Night_of_Your_Life_(David_Guetta_song)=Night of Your Life (David Guetta song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Radioactive_(Marina_and_the_Diamonds_song)=Radioactive (Marina and the Diamonds song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Wanna_Make_You_Feel_Good=I Wanna Make You Feel Good
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Cat_Sat_Asleep_by_the_Side_of_the_Fire=The Cat Sat Asleep by the Side of the Fire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monster_(Michael_Jackson_song)=Monster (Michael Jackson song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ride_Across_the_River_(Dire_Straits_song)=Ride Across the River (Dire Straits song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Garageland_(song)=Garageland (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bad_Girl_(Meisa_Kuroki_song)=Bad Girl (Meisa Kuroki song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Let_Me_Be_Your_Sugar_Baby=Let Me Be Your Sugar Baby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glassheart_(song)=Glassheart (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Look_(Song_for_Children)=Look (Song for Children)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Child_Is_Father_of_the_Man=Child Is Father of the Man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louder_than_Words_(David_Guetta_song)=Louder than Words (David Guetta song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/He's_a_Whore=He's a Whore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cleanup_Time=Cleanup Time
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I'm_Losing_You_(John_Lennon_song)=I'm Losing You (John Lennon song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tight_A$=Tight A$
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aisumasen_(I'm_Sorry)=Aisumasen (I'm Sorry)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Let_There_Be_Love_(Bee_Gees_song)=Let There Be Love (Bee Gees song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Talking_to_the_Universe=Talking to the Universe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Out_the_Blue=Out the Blue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Only_People_(song)=Only People (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Know_(I_Know)=I Know (I Know)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nobody_Loves_You_(When_You're_Down_and_Out)=Nobody Loves You (When You're Down and Out)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Who_Gon_Stop_Me=Who Gon Stop Me
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marijuana_(song)=Marijuana (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_the_Young_Punks=All the Young Punks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Teri_Meri=Teri Meri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Furusato_(children's_song)=Furusato (children's song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_World_as_I_See_It_(song)=The World as I See It (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blunt_Blowin=Blunt Blowin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MegaMan_(song)=MegaMan (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Unbroken_(Demi_Lovato_song)=Unbroken (Demi Lovato song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_the_Morning_(J._Cole_song)=In the Morning (J. Cole song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I'm_Working_on_a_Building=I'm Working on a Building
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Whiplash_(Selena_Gomez_&_the_Scene_song)=Whiplash (Selena Gomez & the Scene song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mutual_Core=Mutual Core
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peklo_milencov=Peklo milencov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Acrobat_(song)=Acrobat (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_Is_Blindness=Love Is Blindness
http://dbpedia.org/resource/(I'll_Be_with_You)_In_Apple_Blossom_Time=(I'll Be with You) In Apple Blossom Time
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sadda_Haq=Sadda Haq
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Code_Monkey_(song)=Code Monkey (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lonesome_Suzie=Lonesome Suzie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_Me,_I'm_a_Liberal=Love Me, I'm a Liberal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sticks_+_Stones_(song)=Sticks + Stones (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gangsta%3F_(Tinchy_Stryder_song)=Gangsta? (Tinchy Stryder song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Listen_to_the_Band_(song)=Listen to the Band (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Take_the_World_(song)=Take the World (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hearse_Song=The Hearse Song
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Field_of_Dreams_(song)=Field of Dreams (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Must_Do_Something_About_It=Must Do Something About It
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Little_Lamb_Dragonfly=Little Lamb Dragonfly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/So_Cruel=So Cruel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Whispers_In_A_Dream=Whispers In A Dream
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Last_Time_Around_(song)=Last Time Around (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Famous_(Tinchy_Stryder_song)=Famous (Tinchy Stryder song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caramel_(Blur_song)=Caramel (Blur song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wild_Cat_(1927_song)=Wild Cat (1927 song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/What_Comes_Naturally_(song)=What Comes Naturally (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fireball_(Dev_song)=Fireball (Dev song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Planta_(song)=Planta (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pramadhavanam=Pramadhavanam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Life_Goes_On_(Gym_Class_Heroes_song)=Life Goes On (Gym Class Heroes song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pimpin'_(song)=Pimpin' (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Still_Loving_It=Still Loving It
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cockiness_(Love_It)=Cockiness (Love It)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roc_Me_Out=Roc Me Out
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Watch_n'_Learn=Watch n' Learn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Farewell_(Rihanna_song)=Farewell (Rihanna song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Do_Ya_Thang_(Rihanna_song)=Do Ya Thang (Rihanna song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fool_in_Love=Fool in Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beautiful_Disaster_(Kelly_Clarkson_song)=Beautiful Disaster (Kelly Clarkson song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Repeat_(David_Guetta_song)=Repeat (David Guetta song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/FU_(song)=FU (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aurora_(Foo_Fighters_song)=Aurora (Foo Fighters song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Long_Red=Long Red
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Song_of_the_Soviet_Army=Song of the Soviet Army
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Start_Over=Start Over
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_a_Woman=Love a Woman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Metal_vs._Hip_Hop=Metal vs. Hip Hop
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BTD_(Before_the_Dawn)=BTD (Before the Dawn)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Why_This_Kolaveri_Di=Why This Kolaveri Di
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oops!_(Super_Junior_song)=Oops! (Super Junior song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/She's_My_Baby_(Wings_song)=She's My Baby (Wings song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Warm_and_Beautiful=Warm and Beautiful
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Donkey_Riding=Donkey Riding
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Way_You_Move_(Ne-Yo_song)=The Way You Move (Ne-Yo song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dance_for_You=Dance for You
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Quiet_One_(The_Who_song)=The Quiet One (The Who song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dante's_Inferno_(song)=Dante's Inferno (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Shadow=My Shadow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roman_in_Moscow=Roman in Moscow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/It's_Not_True=It's Not True
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ai_Se_Eu_Te_Pego=Ai Se Eu Te Pego
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rerum_Creator_Optime=Rerum Creator Optime
http://dbpedia.org/resource/23_Minutes_Over_Brussels=23 Minutes Over Brussels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Come_O'er_the_Stream_Charlie=Come O'er the Stream Charlie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wae's_me_for_Prince_Chairlie=Wae's me for Prince Chairlie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Awa_Whigs_Awa=Awa Whigs Awa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mucho_Gusto=Mucho Gusto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eli's_Comin'=Eli's Comin'
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Garden_Song=Garden Song
http://dbpedia.org/resource/What_Are_You_Doing_New_Year's_Eve%3F=What Are You Doing New Year's Eve?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Once_Upon_a_December=Once Upon a December
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_North_Atlantic_Squadron_(song)=The North Atlantic Squadron (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rather_Die_Young=Rather Die Young
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Somebody_Come_Get_This_Bitch=Somebody Come Get This Bitch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dushman_Mera=Dushman Mera
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tattoo_(Siouxsie_and_the_Banshees_song)=Tattoo (Siouxsie and the Banshees song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Awaiting_on_You_All=Awaiting on You All
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rhyd-y-groes_(hymn_tune)=Rhyd-y-groes (hymn tune)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albela_Sajan_Aayo_Re=Albela Sajan Aayo Re
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stupid_Hoe=Stupid Hoe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sheila_Ki_Jawani=Sheila Ki Jawani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Schoolin'_Life=Schoolin' Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Main_Naahin_Maakhan_Khaayo=Main Naahin Maakhan Khaayo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Up_with_Montana=Up with Montana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/For_the_Love_of_a_Daughter=For the Love of a Daughter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Welcome_to_New_York_City_(song)=Welcome to New York City (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Every_Time_I_Feel_the_Spirit_(song)=Every Time I Feel the Spirit (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Babul_Mora_Naihar_Chhooto_Hi_Jaaye=Babul Mora Naihar Chhooto Hi Jaaye
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Up_with_the_White_and_Gold=Up with the White and Gold
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sine_Language=Sine Language
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tere_Mast_Mast_Do_Nain=Tere Mast Mast Do Nain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arbee_(song)=Arbee (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Love_Anthem=The Love Anthem
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nizamski_rastanak=Nizamski rastanak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goodbye_(Inna_song)=Goodbye (Inna song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chikni_Chameli=Chikni Chameli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Birthday_Cake_(song)=Birthday Cake (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Drunk_on_Love_(Rihanna_song)=Drunk on Love (Rihanna song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shady_Love=Shady Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moj_golube=Moj golube
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Van_Lingle_Mungo_(song)=Van Lingle Mungo (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Munni_Badnaam_Hui=Munni Badnaam Hui
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Without_a_Map=Without a Map
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Why_I_Hate_Religion,_But_Love_Jesus=Why I Hate Religion, But Love Jesus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beautiful_World_(Westlife_song)=Beautiful World (Westlife song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Complicated_(Rihanna_song)=Complicated (Rihanna song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tea_in_the_Sahara=Tea in the Sahara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fire_and_Ice_(Within_Temptation_song)=Fire and Ice (Within Temptation song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fiddle_and_the_Drum=The Fiddle and the Drum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/This_Is_Our_Time=This Is Our Time
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kannum_Kannum_Kalanthu=Kannum Kannum Kalanthu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Us_Against_the_World_(Coldplay_song)=Us Against the World (Coldplay song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Missing_My_Baby=Missing My Baby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Champion_(Nicki_Minaj_song)=Champion (Nicki Minaj song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/U.F.O._(song)=U.F.O. (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don't_Let_It_Break_Your_Heart=Don't Let It Break Your Heart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Odessa_(City_on_the_Black_Sea)=Odessa (City on the Black Sea)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Evil_(Grinderman_song)=Evil (Grinderman song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fanfare_for_the_Common_Man_(Emerson,_Lake_&_Palmer_song)=Fanfare for the Common Man (Emerson, Lake & Palmer song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Man_or_Muppet=Man or Muppet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lay_Down_Your_Arms_(Doron_Levinson_song)=Lay Down Your Arms (Doron Levinson song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rock_Is_Dead=Rock Is Dead
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Real_in_Rio=Real in Rio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aa_Jaane_Jaan=Aa Jaane Jaan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marley_Purt_Drive=Marley Purt Drive
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Take_Our_Hearts=Take Our Hearts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Udhreko_choli=Udhreko choli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sunshine_(David_Guetta_song)=Sunshine (David Guetta song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Resentment_(song)=Resentment (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Run_Devil_Run_(Paul_McCartney_song)=Run Devil Run (Paul McCartney song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Let_It_Down=Let It Down
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Behind_That_Locked_Door=Behind That Locked Door
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Art_of_Dying_(song)=Art of Dying (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Dig_Love=I Dig Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hear_Me_Lord=Hear Me Lord
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Living_in_the_Material_World_(song)=Living in the Material World (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hari's_on_Tour_(Express)=Hari's on Tour (Express)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Simply_Shady=Simply Shady
http://dbpedia.org/resource/It_Is_'He'_(Jai_Sri_Krishna)=It Is 'He' (Jai Sri Krishna)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Answer's_at_the_End=The Answer's at the End
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ooh_Baby_(You_Know_That_I_Love_You)=Ooh Baby (You Know That I Love You)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tired_of_Midnight_Blue=Tired of Midnight Blue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Can't_Stop_Thinking_About_You=Can't Stop Thinking About You
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grey_Cloudy_Lies=Grey Cloudy Lies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/His_Name_Is_Legs_(Ladies_and_Gentlemen)=His Name Is Legs (Ladies and Gentlemen)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beautiful_Girl_(George_Harrison_song)=Beautiful Girl (George Harrison song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/See_Yourself=See Yourself
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Learning_How_to_Love_You=Learning How to Love You
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pure_Smokey_(song)=Pure Smokey (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hong_Kong_Blues=Hong Kong Blues
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Born_in_a_Prison=Born in a Prison
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_York_City_(John_Lennon_and_Yoko_Ono_song)=New York City (John Lennon and Yoko Ono song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/You_and_Me_(Babe)=You and Me (Babe)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I'll_Still_Love_You=I'll Still Love You
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Cup_of_Coffee,_A_Sandwich,_and_You=A Cup of Coffee, A Sandwich, and You
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crank_It_Up_(David_Guetta_song)=Crank It Up (David Guetta song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roman_Holiday_(song)=Roman Holiday (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emily_(1964_song)=Emily (1964 song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_My_Life_(Alyona_Lanskaya_song)=All My Life (Alyona Lanskaya song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Can't_Escape_from_You=I Can't Escape from You
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Journey_to_a_Star=Journey to a Star
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Hate_Myself_and_Want_to_Die=I Hate Myself and Want to Die
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Psychedelic_Woman=Psychedelic Woman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Told_You_So_(Karmin_song)=I Told You So (Karmin song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Push_That_Knot_Away=Push That Knot Away
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roman_Reloaded_(song)=Roman Reloaded (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kyoto_(song)=Kyoto (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sexy_to_Me=Sexy to Me
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taylor_Gang_(song)=Taylor Gang (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Teacher_I_Need_You=Teacher I Need You
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zindagi_Ek_Safar_Hai_Suhana=Zindagi Ek Safar Hai Suhana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cruisin'_(Michael_Nesmith_song)=Cruisin' (Michael Nesmith song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_Christ_Alone=In Christ Alone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bad_Girl_(Rihanna_song)=Bad Girl (Rihanna song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/So_Listen=So Listen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kiss_Me_Red=Kiss Me Red
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spirit_of_Life=Spirit of Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Been_Down_So_Long=Been Down So Long
http://dbpedia.org/resource/So_Sad=So Sad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raabta=Raabta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Take_Her_from_You=Take Her from You
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_God's_Chillun_Got_Wings_(song)=All God's Chillun Got Wings (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pyaar_ki_Pungi=Pyaar ki Pungi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Time_Machine_(Girls'_Generation_song)=Time Machine (Girls' Generation song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_felicidad=La felicidad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pearly_Gates_(song)=Pearly Gates (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vida_23=Vida 23
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pause_(Pitbull_song)=Pause (Pitbull song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Way_Too_Far=Way Too Far
http://dbpedia.org/resource/True_Love_Waits_(song)=True Love Waits (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Little_Bear_(song)=Little Bear (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Artsakh_(song)=Artsakh (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heat_of_the_Night_(Paulina_Rubio_song)=Heat of the Night (Paulina Rubio song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kirari_(song)=Kirari (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gang_Bang_(song)=Gang Bang (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Superstar_(Madonna_song)=Superstar (Madonna song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I'm_a_Sinner=I'm a Sinner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shuffle_Off_to_Buffalo=Shuffle Off to Buffalo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Concerto_pour_une_Voix=Concerto pour une Voix
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Invading_My_Mind=Invading My Mind
http://dbpedia.org/resource/She_Gets_Down_on_Her_Knees=She Gets Down on Her Knees
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_Love_(Jennifer_Lopez_song)=One Love (Jennifer Lopez song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mr._P.C._(composition)=Mr. P.C. (composition)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beyond_the_Realms_of_Death=Beyond the Realms of Death
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Where's_Captain_Kirk%3F=Where's Captain Kirk?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chirigota=Chirigota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Am_Your_Leader=I Am Your Leader
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mercy_Street=Mercy Street
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Impressive_Instant=Impressive Instant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I'm_in_Touch_with_Your_World=I'm in Touch with Your World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/If_I_Can't_Have_You_(Kelly_Clarkson_song)=If I Can't Have You (Kelly Clarkson song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Whip_It_(Nicki_Minaj_song)=Whip It (Nicki Minaj song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mamma_Knows_Best=Mamma Knows Best
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Homeless_(Leona_Lewis_song)=Homeless (Leona Lewis song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Do_It_Our_Way_(Play)=Do It Our Way (Play)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mother_Knows_Best_(song)=Mother Knows Best (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Rainbow_Race=My Rainbow Race
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Take_a_Bow_(Leona_Lewis_song)=Take a Bow (Leona Lewis song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moments_(One_Direction_song)=Moments (One Direction song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hrafntinna=Hrafntinna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inolvidable_(song)=Inolvidable (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/This_Is_Colour=This Is Colour
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dinosaur_(Kesha_song)=Dinosaur (Kesha song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Do_They_Miss_Me_At_Home%3F=Do They Miss Me At Home?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sommerfuggel_i_vinterland=Sommerfuggel i vinterland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angela_(Bee_Gees_song)=Angela (Bee Gees song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dressin'_Up=Dressin' Up
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Longest_Night_(song)=The Longest Night (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meet_Me_at_the_Station=Meet Me at the Station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Irresistible_Force_(song)=Irresistible Force (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gotta_Be_You_(Sugababes_song)=Gotta Be You (Sugababes song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tere_Tille_Ton=Tere Tille Ton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angel_(Exo_song)=Angel (Exo song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elastic_Love=Elastic Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Name_Is_Kay_(song)=My Name Is Kay (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don't_Let_Me_Down_(Leona_Lewis_song)=Don't Let Me Down (Leona Lewis song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Never_Gonna_Dance_Again_(song)=Never Gonna Dance Again (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ghetto_Baby=Ghetto Baby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Die_in_Your_Arms=Die in Your Arms
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_More_We_Get_Together=The More We Get Together
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seven_Steps_to_Heaven_(composition)=Seven Steps to Heaven (composition)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cheremshyna=Cheremshyna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joshua_(composition)=Joshua (composition)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Four_(composition)=Four (composition)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Something_in_the_Way_She_Moves=Something in the Way She Moves
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pensativa=Pensativa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Why_Should_I_Love_You%3F=Why Should I Love You?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ain't_Got_No_Home=Ain't Got No Home
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nobody_Knows_Me=Nobody Knows Me
http://dbpedia.org/resource/WOW_(Marilyn_Manson_song)=WOW (Marilyn Manson song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mamko_Moja=Mamko Moja
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lonely_Woman_(composition)=Lonely Woman (composition)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Thing=My Thing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Morning_of_my_Life=Morning of my Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_Diamond_(Bee_Gees_song)=Black Diamond (Bee Gees song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Face_to_Face_(Barry_Gibb_and_Olivia_Newton-John_song)=Face to Face (Barry Gibb and Olivia Newton-John song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Electric_Chapel=Electric Chapel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kidung_Abadi=Kidung Abadi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sweat_(Ciara_song)=Sweat (Ciara song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Lover's_Prayer=My Lover's Prayer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Take_the_Skinheads_Bowling=Take the Skinheads Bowling
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ah-Leu-Cha=Ah-Leu-Cha
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seven_Seas_Symphony=Seven Seas Symphony
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Until_It_Beats_No_More=Until It Beats No More
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swing_42=Swing 42
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swan_Song_(song)=Swan Song (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brian_Boru's_March=Brian Boru's March
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prostitute_(song)=Prostitute (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stephen_(song)=Stephen (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_by_Myself_(Bee_Gees_song)=All by Myself (Bee Gees song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Northumberland_Betrayed_By_Douglas=Northumberland Betrayed By Douglas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baby_Lemonade=Baby Lemonade
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lay_It_on_Me_(Bee_Gees_song)=Lay It on Me (Bee Gees song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caribbean_Clipper=Caribbean Clipper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Every_Second,_Every_Minute=Every Second, Every Minute
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lies_Greed_Misery=Lies Greed Misery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sound_of_Love_(song)=Sound of Love (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sincere_Relation=Sincere Relation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Laugh_in_Your_Face=I Laugh in Your Face
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alone_Again_(Bee_Gees_song)=Alone Again (Bee Gees song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Betty_Woz_Gone=Betty Woz Gone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Generation_Lost_(song)=Generation Lost (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Come_On_Be_Good=Come On Be Good
http://dbpedia.org/resource/We_Lost_the_Road=We Lost the Road
http://dbpedia.org/resource/On_Springfield_Mountain=On Springfield Mountain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Made_in_America_(Jay-Z_and_Kanye_West_song)=Made in America (Jay-Z and Kanye West song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Automatic_(Nicki_Minaj_song)=Automatic (Nicki Minaj song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/And_the_Sun_Will_Shine=And the Sun Will Shine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Never_Say_Never_Again_(Bee_Gees_song)=Never Say Never Again (Bee Gees song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Really_and_Sincerely=Really and Sincerely
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ball_and_Biscuit=Ball and Biscuit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zartir_lao=Zartir lao
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ekbar_biday_de_Ma_ghure_ashi=Ekbar biday de Ma ghure ashi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Run_the_World=Run the World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beautiful_(Sarah_De_Bono_song)=Beautiful (Sarah De Bono song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Euphoria_(Usher_song)=Euphoria (Usher song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Off_to_the_Races_(song)=Off to the Races (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_My_Remains=In My Remains
http://dbpedia.org/resource/You_Won't_Let_Me=You Won't Let Me
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sins_of_My_Father_(song)=Sins of My Father (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bassline_(Chris_Brown_song)=Bassline (Chris Brown song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/What's_Up_with_That_(ZZ_Top_song)=What's Up with That (ZZ Top song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lucky_Strike_(song)=Lucky Strike (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Man_Who_Never_Lied=The Man Who Never Lied
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sad_(Maroon_5_song)=Sad (Maroon 5 song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wipe_Your_Eyes=Wipe Your Eyes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doin'_Dirt=Doin' Dirt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hands_All_Over_(Maroon_5_song)=Hands All Over (Maroon 5 song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Can't_Stop_Won't_Stop_(Usher_song)=Can't Stop Won't Stop (Usher song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Onwards_Toward_the_Final_Victory=Onwards Toward the Final Victory
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Please_Read_Me=Please Read Me
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I'll_Be_Gone=I'll Be Gone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Introducing_Me=Introducing Me
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joyful,_Joyful=Joyful, Joyful
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Minority_(Gigi_Gryce_song)=Minority (Gigi Gryce song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pink_Turns_to_Blue=Pink Turns to Blue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Turn_on_the_News=Turn on the News
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Half_Full_Glass_of_Wine=Half Full Glass of Wine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heliotrope_Bouquet=Heliotrope Bouquet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Knockers_(song)=Knockers (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seemed_Like_a_Good_Idea_at_the_Time_(song)=Seemed Like a Good Idea at the Time (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monday_Morning_(Christina_Aguilera_song)=Monday Morning (Christina Aguilera song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bald_(song)=Bald (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blind_Man_(The_Darkness_song)=Blind Man (The Darkness song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jamaica_Say_You_Will_(song)=Jamaica Say You Will (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hana_Egao=Hana Egao
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Table_Ronde=Table Ronde
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dissident_Aggressor=Dissident Aggressor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caliban's_Dream=Caliban's Dream
http://dbpedia.org/resource/And_I_Will_Kiss=And I Will Kiss
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Come_on_a_Cone=Come on a Cone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Come_with_Me_(Dappy_song)=Come with Me (Dappy song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I'm_Coming_(Tarzan_Part_2)=I'm Coming (Tarzan Part 2)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Green_Leaves_of_Summer=The Green Leaves of Summer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pani_Da_Rang=Pani Da Rang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fly_from_Here_(song_series)=Fly from Here (song series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Betcha_Gon'_Know_(The_Prologue)=Betcha Gon' Know (The Prologue)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Merry_Go_Round_(Royce_da_5'9%22_song)=Merry Go Round (Royce da 5'9" song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Helplessly_Hoping=Helplessly Hoping
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hanging_On=Hanging On
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Super_Turnt_Up=Super Turnt Up
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Somebody_(Aerosmith_song)=Somebody (Aerosmith song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Make_It=Make It
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_Way_Street_(song)=One Way Street (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Write_Me_a_Letter=Write Me a Letter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Movin'_Out_(song)=Movin' Out (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pandora's_Box_(Aerosmith_song)=Pandora's Box (Aerosmith song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dive_In_(Trey_Songz_song)=Dive In (Trey Songz song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Woman_of_the_World_(Aerosmith_song)=Woman of the World (Aerosmith song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heart_of_Gold_(The_Kinks_song)=Heart of Gold (The Kinks song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Driven_to_Tears=Driven to Tears
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_Me_Now=Love Me Now
http://dbpedia.org/resource/It's_So_Cool=It's So Cool
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Over_My_Dead_Body_(song)=Over My Dead Body (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Go!_(Tones_on_Tail_song)=Go! (Tones on Tail song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hell_of_a_Life_(song)=Hell of a Life (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Don't_Wanna_Care_Right_Now=I Don't Wanna Care Right Now
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reaching_for_the_Stars_(song)=Reaching for the Stars (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Push_and_Shove_(song)=Push and Shove (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hey_Eugene_(song)=Hey Eugene (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Advance_Romance=Advance Romance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Close_My_Eyes_(Mariah_Carey_song)=Close My Eyes (Mariah Carey song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hand_of_Doom_(Black_Sabbath_song)=Hand of Doom (Black Sabbath song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maahi=Maahi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I'm_Beamin'=I'm Beamin'
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Something_I_Can_Never_Have=Something I Can Never Have
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Screw_You=Screw You
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mistake_(Demi_Lovato_song)=Mistake (Demi Lovato song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Once_Upon_a_Dream_(Sleeping_Beauty_song)=Once Upon a Dream (Sleeping Beauty song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beautiful_(Carly_Rae_Jepsen_and_Justin_Bieber_song)=Beautiful (Carly Rae Jepsen and Justin Bieber song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jewish_Princess_(song)=Jewish Princess (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A.D.H.D_(Kendrick_Lamar_song)=A.D.H.D (Kendrick Lamar song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Midnight_(Beast_song)=Midnight (Beast song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Torture_Never_Stops_(song)=The Torture Never Stops (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Better_than_You_(Conor_Maynard_song)=Better than You (Conor Maynard song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bachna_Ae_Haseeno_(song)=Bachna Ae Haseeno (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Forgive_You=I Forgive You
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jimmy's_Winning_Matches=Jimmy's Winning Matches
http://dbpedia.org/resource/It's_the_Falling_in_Love=It's the Falling in Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Get_Up_(A_Cowboys_Anthem)=Get Up (A Cowboys Anthem)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Never_Gone_(song)=Never Gone (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I'm_Moving_On_(Yoko_Ono_song)=I'm Moving On (Yoko Ono song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cola_(song)=Cola (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/We'll_Be_Fine=We'll Be Fine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Craise_Finton_Kirk_Royal_Academy_of_Arts=Craise Finton Kirk Royal Academy of Arts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crescent_City_Blues=Crescent City Blues
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rock_Me_(One_Direction_song)=Rock Me (One Direction song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Morq-e_sahar=Morq-e sahar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Someone_(Lucy_Spraggan_song)=Someone (Lucy Spraggan song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zoom-Zoom-Zoom=Zoom-Zoom-Zoom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_Morning_in_May_(folk_song)=One Morning in May (folk song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stereo_(MGK_song)=Stereo (MGK song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sin_Wagon=Sin Wagon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Forgotten_(Green_Day_song)=The Forgotten (Green Day song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/(Everybody's_Waitin'_for)_The_Man_with_the_Bag=(Everybody's Waitin' for) The Man with the Bag
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apple_Scruffs_(song)=Apple Scruffs (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mama,_You_Been_on_My_Mind=Mama, You Been on My Mind
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lotus_Intro=Lotus Intro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Army_of_Me_(Christina_Aguilera_song)=Army of Me (Christina Aguilera song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Red_Hot_Kinda_Love=Red Hot Kinda Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Make_the_World_Move=Make the World Move
http://dbpedia.org/resource/State_of_Grace_(Taylor_Swift_song)=State of Grace (Taylor Swift song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Speechless_(Alicia_Keys_song)=Speechless (Alicia Keys song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Read_All_About_It,_Pt._III=Read All About It, Pt. III
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Only_Wish_(song)=My Only Wish (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I'm_Comin'_on_Back_to_You=I'm Comin' on Back to You
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Whispers_(Gettin'_Louder)=Whispers (Gettin' Louder)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Make_and_Break_Harbour=Make and Break Harbour
http://dbpedia.org/resource/First_Date_(50_Cent_song)=First Date (50 Cent song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don't_Ask_My_Name=Don't Ask My Name
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_Around_the_World_(Paulina_Rubio_song)=All Around the World (Paulina Rubio song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scared_of_Beautiful=Scared of Beautiful
http://dbpedia.org/resource/We_Could_Be_Sweet_Lovers=We Could Be Sweet Lovers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frozen_Heart=Frozen Heart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Belle_(Disney_song)=Belle (Disney song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Outta_Nowhere=Outta Nowhere
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Everybody_Fucks=Everybody Fucks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Echa_Pa'lla_(Manos_Pa'rriba)=Echa Pa'lla (Manos Pa'rriba)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_Your_Life_(Tulisa_Contostavlos_song)=Live Your Life (Tulisa Contostavlos song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alma_(song)=Alma (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Forgot_to_Laugh=Forgot to Laugh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Top_of_the_World_(Bridgit_Mendler_song)=Top of the World (Bridgit Mendler song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Musical_Box_(Genesis_song)=The Musical Box (Genesis song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hypnotico=Hypnotico
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hot_Cop=Hot Cop
http://dbpedia.org/resource/God_Help_the_Outcasts=God Help the Outcasts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christmas_Time_(Backstreet_Boys_song)=Christmas Time (Backstreet Boys song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sunrise_(Uriah_Heep_song)=Sunrise (Uriah Heep song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Numb_(Rihanna_song)=Numb (Rihanna song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nobody's_Business_(song)=Nobody's Business (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/No_Love_Allowed=No Love Allowed
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Half_of_Me_(Rihanna_song)=Half of Me (Rihanna song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_Without_Tragedy_/_Mother_Mary=Love Without Tragedy / Mother Mary
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Around_the_World_(Christina_Aguilera_song)=Around the World (Christina Aguilera song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Let_There_Be_Love_(Christina_Aguilera_song)=Let There Be Love (Christina Aguilera song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blank_Page=Blank Page
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sing_for_Me_(Christina_Aguilera_song)=Sing for Me (Christina Aguilera song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Circles_(Christina_Aguilera_song)=Circles (Christina Aguilera song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phresh_Out_the_Runway=Phresh Out the Runway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/On_the_Metro=On the Metro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sugar_Rush_(AKB48_song)=Sugar Rush (AKB48 song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_to_Say_Dada=Love to Say Dada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taree_(song)=Taree (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strangers_(Kay_song)=Strangers (Kay song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Little_Bit_Longer_(song)=A Little Bit Longer (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cabbage_(folk_song)=Cabbage (folk song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amsterdam_(Imagine_Dragons_song)=Amsterdam (Imagine Dragons song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Not_Even_the_King=Not Even the King
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Evening_Star_(Kenny_Rogers_song)=Evening Star (Kenny Rogers song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Who_Will_Survive_in_America=Who Will Survive in America
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dime_Si_Recuerdas=Dime Si Recuerdas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heaven_I_Need_a_Hug=Heaven I Need a Hug
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Memory_of_You=Memory of You
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yayo_(Lana_Del_Rey_song)=Yayo (Lana Del Rey song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bel_Air_(song)=Bel Air (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Please_Leave_My_Butter_Alone=Please Leave My Butter Alone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Just_Like_Fire_Would=Just Like Fire Would
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miss_America_(J._Cole_song)=Miss America (J. Cole song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Babyface_(song)=Babyface (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daddy's_Gonna_Pay_for_Your_Crashed_Car=Daddy's Gonna Pay for Your Crashed Car
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_Too_Well=All Too Well
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moonshine_(Bruno_Mars_song)=Moonshine (Bruno Mars song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Can-Utility_and_the_Coastliners=Can-Utility and the Coastliners
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Horizons_(Genesis_Song)=Horizons (Genesis Song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Some_Kind_of_Miracle_(song)=Some Kind of Miracle (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swinging_London_Town=Swinging London Town
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_the_Beginning_(Genesis_song)=In the Beginning (Genesis song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Serpent_(song)=The Serpent (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_the_Wilderness_(song)=In the Wilderness (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Put_Your_Hand_Inside_the_Puppet_Head=Put Your Hand Inside the Puppet Head
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dandy_Life=Dandy Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wha'll_be_King_but_Charlie%3F=Wha'll be King but Charlie?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Viderunt_Omnes=Viderunt Omnes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Light_(Spock's_Beard_song)=The Light (Spock's Beard song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rain_(Uriah_Heep_song)=Rain (Uriah Heep song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/When_Can_I_See_You_Again%3F=When Can I See You Again?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Land_of_Hope_and_Dreams=Land of Hope and Dreams
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cut_Me_Some_Slack=Cut Me Some Slack
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christmas_Time_Is_Here=Christmas Time Is Here
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Royal_Australian_Navy_(music)=Royal Australian Navy (music)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Troppo_tempo=Troppo tempo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Grand_Illusion_(song)=The Grand Illusion (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Il_Pulcino_Pio=Il Pulcino Pio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Freedom_Song=The Freedom Song
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Plague_of_Lighthouse_Keepers=A Plague of Lighthouse Keepers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_Your_Own_Sweet_Way=In Your Own Sweet Way
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Let_Us_Move_On=Let Us Move On
http://dbpedia.org/resource/M.A.A.D_City=M.A.A.D City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1_Train_(song)=1 Train (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christmas_Time_Is_in_the_Air_Again=Christmas Time Is in the Air Again
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Crabfish=The Crabfish
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Auntie_(song)=Auntie (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Now_That_the_Buffalo's_Gone=Now That the Buffalo's Gone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Barbarian_(song)=The Barbarian (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Knife-Edge_(Emerson,_Lake_&_Palmer_song)=Knife-Edge (Emerson, Lake & Palmer song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Three_Fates=The Three Fates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Name_of_the_Game_(Badfinger_song)=Name of the Game (Badfinger song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bleeding_Out_(song)=Bleeding Out (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mess_Up_My_Hair=Mess Up My Hair
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Don't_Think_It's_Funny=I Don't Think It's Funny
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Simple_Motion=A Simple Motion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I'm_Gonna_Run_to_You=I'm Gonna Run to You
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pi's_Lullaby=Pi's Lullaby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/How_Love_Was_True=How Love Was True
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gods_&_Monsters_(song)=Gods & Monsters (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Superhero_(Daze_song)=Superhero (Daze song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/It's_Too_Bad=It's Too Bad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_voce_(song)=La voce (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_God_of_Abraham_Praise=The God of Abraham Praise
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Whatever_It_Takes_(Leona_Lewis_song)=Whatever It Takes (Leona Lewis song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dull_Tool=Dull Tool
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Everybody_Needs_a_Best_Friend=Everybody Needs a Best Friend
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Forget_Forever=Forget Forever
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Round_and_Round_(Imagine_Dragons_song)=Round and Round (Imagine Dragons song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don't_Fear_the_Winter=Don't Fear the Winter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ser_Benfiquista=Ser Benfiquista
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Morning_(Clare_Fischer_composition)=Morning (Clare Fischer composition)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Soul_Eyes=Soul Eyes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don't_Hold_the_Wall=Don't Hold the Wall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strawberry_Bubblegum=Strawberry Bubblegum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Let_the_Groove_Get_In=Let the Groove Get In
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Almost_Home_(Mariah_Carey_song)=Almost Home (Mariah Carey song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bassline_Junkie=Bassline Junkie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pusher_Love_Girl=Pusher Love Girl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Big_Strong_Man=Big Strong Man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Muthuchippi_Poloru=Muthuchippi Poloru
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Like_a_Baby=Like a Baby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Go_Missin'=Go Missin'
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shake_It_Up_(Selena_Gomez_song)=Shake It Up (Selena Gomez song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Don't_Give_A=I Don't Give A
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Song_about_the_Towel=Song about the Towel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Southern_Accents_(Tom_Petty_song)=Southern Accents (Tom Petty song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Let_Us_Go_Back_to_the_Old_Landmark=Let Us Go Back to the Old Landmark
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Birthday_(Selena_Gomez_song)=Birthday (Selena Gomez song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alif_Allah_(Jugni)=Alif Allah (Jugni)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rattler_(song)=Rattler (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harimuraleeravam=Harimuraleeravam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mantra_(Dave_Grohl_song)=Mantra (Dave Grohl song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Darcy_Farrow=Darcy Farrow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Another_Guy=Another Guy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Walls_(song)=The Walls (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Go_Limp=Go Limp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christmas_Time's_A-Comin'=Christmas Time's A-Comin'
http://dbpedia.org/resource/And_We_Danced_(Macklemore_song)=And We Danced (Macklemore song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don't_Cha_Stop=Don't Cha Stop
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wedding_Bells_(Jonas_Brothers_song)=Wedding Bells (Jonas Brothers song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tiptoe_(song)=Tiptoe (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Poppa_Piccolino=Poppa Piccolino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nightclubbing_(song)=Nightclubbing (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jordan_Is_a_Hard_Road_to_Travel=Jordan Is a Hard Road to Travel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_Man_(song)=Black Man (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flick_of_the_Finger=Flick of the Finger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Accidental_Racist=Accidental Racist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Molly_(Tyga_song)=Molly (Tyga song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Summer_Ends=Summer Ends
http://dbpedia.org/resource/On_the_Alamo=On the Alamo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deathwaltz=Deathwaltz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Song_of_General_Kim_Il-sung=Song of General Kim Il-sung
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Didn't_It_Rain=Didn't It Rain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Save_You_(Kelly_Clarkson_song)=Save You (Kelly Clarkson song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Why_Don't_You_Try=Why Don't You Try
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Einstein_(song)=Einstein (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/We_Write_the_Story=We Write the Story
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Be_Still_(Kelly_Clarkson_song)=Be Still (Kelly Clarkson song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_War_Is_Over_(Kelly_Clarkson_song)=The War Is Over (Kelly Clarkson song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/You_Have_More_Friends_Than_You_Know_(song)=You Have More Friends Than You Know (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grow_Up_(Paramore_song)=Grow Up (Paramore song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Damage_(Jimmy_Eat_World_song)=Damage (Jimmy Eat World song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Old_Maid's_Song=The Old Maid's Song
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sandese_Aate_Hai=Sandese Aate Hai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oceans_(Evanescence_song)=Oceans (Evanescence song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/El_cant_dels_ocells=El cant dels ocells
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hona_Tha_Pyaar=Hona Tha Pyaar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Confessions_(Lecrae_song)=Confessions (Lecrae song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/To_Be_or_Not_to_Be_(song)=To Be or Not to Be (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ave_Maria_..._Virgo_serena=Ave Maria ... Virgo serena
http://dbpedia.org/resource/White_Noise_(Linkin_Park_song)=White Noise (Linkin Park song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cedars_of_Lebanon_(song)=Cedars of Lebanon (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heartland_(U2_song)=Heartland (U2 song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zaporizhian_March_(music)=Zaporizhian March (music)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/24_Hrs._to_Live=24 Hrs. to Live
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giorgio_by_Moroder=Giorgio by Moroder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Red_Light_(U2_song)=Red Light (U2 song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Old_Nassau=Old Nassau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gaviota_traidora=Gaviota traidora
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Love_You,_Oh_No=I Love You, Oh No
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ojos_azules_(song)=Ojos azules (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Slaves=New Slaves
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Movie_(song)=The Movie (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/R&B_Thug=R&B Thug
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pistah_(song)=Pistah (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pick_a_Bale_of_Cotton=Pick a Bale of Cotton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/When_the_Swallows_Fly=When the Swallows Fly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sa_Ugoy_ng_Duyan=Sa Ugoy ng Duyan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jaula_de_oro_(song)=Jaula de oro (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nata_Per_Me=Nata Per Me
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Never_Enough_(Tarja_song)=Never Enough (Tarja song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gave_Up_(song)=Gave Up (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swerve_City=Swerve City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Subhanallah_(song)=Subhanallah (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Footsteps_(Kim_Jong-un_theme_song)=Footsteps (Kim Jong-un theme song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beautiful_(Shinee_song)=Beautiful (Shinee song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baby,_Don't_Cry_(Exo_song)=Baby, Don't Cry (Exo song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Hear_You_Calling_Me=I Hear You Calling Me
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Skirt_(song)=Skirt (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cold_Case_Love=Cold Case Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Waiting_for_the_Robert_E._Lee=Waiting for the Robert E. Lee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kletva=Kletva
http://dbpedia.org/resource/She_Je_Boshe_Ache=She Je Boshe Ache
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lock_and_Key_(Rush_song)=Lock and Key (Rush song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Give_You_My_Heart_(Hillsong_song)=I Give You My Heart (Hillsong song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Real_Talk_(R._Kelly_song)=Real Talk (R. Kelly song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Force_Ten_(song)=Force Ten (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Radhae_Unakku_Kobam_Aagathadi=Radhae Unakku Kobam Aagathadi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Long_Live_ASAP_(song)=Long Live ASAP (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/On_Sight=On Sight
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hold_My_Liquor=Hold My Liquor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ready_or_Not_(Shinee_song)=Ready or Not (Shinee song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eye_to_Eye_(Taher_Shah_song)=Eye to Eye (Taher Shah song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blood_on_the_Leaves=Blood on the Leaves
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Am_a_God=I Am a God
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miss_America_(Styx_song)=Miss America (Styx song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anonymus_II=Anonymus II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tum_Hi_Ho=Tum Hi Ho
http://dbpedia.org/resource/7_Skies_H3=7 Skies H3
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hellacopters_singles=The Hellacopters singles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aside_(song)=Aside (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anklebiters=Anklebiters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_Will_Remember=Love Will Remember
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Artpop_(song)=Artpop (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Villikins_and_his_Dinah=Villikins and his Dinah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/FuckWithMeYouKnowIGotIt=FuckWithMeYouKnowIGotIt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karen_Brahes_Folio=Karen Brahes Folio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Picasso_Baby=Picasso Baby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Two_Moons_(song)=Two Moons (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zinda_(song)=Zinda (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oceans_(Jay_Z_song)=Oceans (Jay Z song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_Pearl_(Exo_song)=Black Pearl (Exo song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Game_of_Love_(Daft_Punk_song)=The Game of Love (Daft Punk song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don't_Go_(Exo_song)=Don't Go (Exo song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Let_Nas_Down=Let Nas Down
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PMW_(All_I_Really_Need)=PMW (All I Really Need)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heaven_(Jay_Z_song)=Heaven (Jay Z song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ramakadha=Ramakadha
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Who_I_Was_Born_to_Be=Who I Was Born to Be
http://dbpedia.org/resource/We_Can_Talk=We Can Talk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hello_(Kelly_Clarkson_song)=Hello (Kelly Clarkson song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hard_Road_to_Travel=Hard Road to Travel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Lady_(Exo_song)=My Lady (Exo song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Whisper_Not_(song)=Whisper Not (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kveikur_(song)=Kveikur (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Pan_(Exo_song)=Peter Pan (Exo song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moanin'_(song)=Moanin' (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shall_We_Dance%3F_(1951_song)=Shall We Dance? (1951 song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/On_the_Run_(instrumental)=On the Run (instrumental)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tuscan_Leather=Tuscan Leather
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Money_Trees=Money Trees
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quasar_(song)=Quasar (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Take_One_(song)=Take One (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Selene_6.23=Selene 6.23
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moribund_the_Burgermeister=Moribund the Burgermeister
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Khuy_(song)=Khuy (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chadti_Jawani_Meri_Chaal_Mastani=Chadti Jawani Meri Chaal Mastani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friday_Night_(Eric_Paslay_song)=Friday Night (Eric Paslay song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gimme_What_I_Don't_Know_(I_Want)=Gimme What I Don't Know (I Want)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cabaret_(Justin_Timberlake_song)=Cabaret (Justin Timberlake song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dem_Bow=Dem Bow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Control_(Big_Sean_song)=Control (Big Sean song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barso_Re=Barso Re
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pocahontas_(Neil_Young_song)=Pocahontas (Neil Young song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shiroi_Tokyo=Shiroi Tokyo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Almost_Is_Never_Enough=Almost Is Never Enough
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Smile_In_Your_Sleep=Smile In Your Sleep
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Conquistador_(Thirty_Seconds_to_Mars_song)=Conquistador (Thirty Seconds to Mars song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stormur=Stormur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dola_Re_Dola=Dola Re Dola
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Violins_and_Tambourines=Violins and Tambourines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parvardigar_(Pete_Townshend_song)=Parvardigar (Pete Townshend song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/There_Must_Be_More_To_Life_Than_This=There Must Be More To Life Than This
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Double_Rainbow_(song)=Double Rainbow (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walking_on_Air_(Katy_Perry_song)=Walking on Air (Katy Perry song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/It_Takes_Two_(Katy_Perry_song)=It Takes Two (Katy Perry song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Catch_the_Rainbow_(Rainbow_song)=Catch the Rainbow (Rainbow song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/5:15_(Bridgit_Mendler_song)=5:15 (Bridgit Mendler song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ilaya_Nila=Ilaya Nila
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_the_Love_in_the_World_(Nine_Inch_Nails_song)=All the Love in the World (Nine Inch Nails song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Proper_Patola=Proper Patola
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aura_(song)=Aura (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ali_Bomaye=Ali Bomaye
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sexxx_Dreams=Sexxx Dreams
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swine_(song)=Swine (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/By_the_Grace_of_God_(song)=By the Grace of God (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Legendary_Lovers=Legendary Lovers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Waspman=Waspman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/You're_on_Fire=You're on Fire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Netflix_(song)=Netflix (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Do_It_(2_Chainz_song)=I Do It (2 Chainz song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Knocks_Me_Off_My_Feet=Knocks Me Off My Feet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Putain_de_camion_(song)=Putain de camion (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Song_for_You=My Song for You
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gut_Bucket_(song)=Gut Bucket (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sledi_za_soboi=Sledi za soboi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wu-Tang_Forever_(song)=Wu-Tang Forever (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Los_peruanos_Pasan=Los peruanos Pasan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Islands_(King_Crimson_song)=Islands (King Crimson song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blackout_(Linkin_Park_song)=Blackout (Linkin Park song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Choose_Your_Battles=Choose Your Battles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1762_leto=1762 leto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nikki_(Forever_the_Sickest_Kids_song)=Nikki (Forever the Sickest Kids song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Flor_de_la_Canela=La Flor de la Canela
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lovers_(Live_a_Little_Longer)=Lovers (Live a Little Longer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Speakerphone_(song)=Speakerphone (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I'm_Not_the_Loving_Kind=I'm Not the Loving Kind
http://dbpedia.org/resource/From_Time=From Time
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wrecking_Ball_(Neil_Young_song)=Wrecking Ball (Neil Young song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gypsy_(Lady_Gaga_song)=Gypsy (Lady Gaga song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Almost_There_(The_Princess_and_the_Frog_song)=Almost There (The Princess and the Frog song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Natalie_(Bruno_Mars_song)=Natalie (Bruno Mars song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ba*Bing=Ba*Bing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lipstick_Vogue=Lipstick Vogue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Hope_You_Find_It=I Hope You Find It
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Where_U_Been%3F_(song)=Where U Been? (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Homeless_(Paul_Simon_and_Ladysmith_Black_Mambazo_song)=Homeless (Paul Simon and Ladysmith Black Mambazo song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Venus_(Lady_Gaga_song)=Venus (Lady Gaga song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dope_(Lady_Gaga_song)=Dope (Lady Gaga song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gone_(Kanye_West_song)=Gone (Kanye West song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SMS_(Bangerz)=SMS (Bangerz)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Big_Beat_(Billy_Squier_song)=The Big Beat (Billy Squier song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Creepshow_(song)=Creepshow (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Symptoms_(song)=Symptoms (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Make_a_Way=Make a Way
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Turn_Up_the_Music_(Bridgit_Mendler_song)=Turn Up the Music (Bridgit Mendler song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heart_by_Heart=Heart by Heart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Guy_Like_You=A Guy Like You
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sidewinder_(song)=The Sidewinder (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Legacy_(Eminem_song)=Legacy (Eminem song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/So_Far...=So Far...
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stay_(Black_Stone_Cherry_song)=Stay (Black Stone Cherry song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/11_(song)=11 (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tuman_(song)=Tuman (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/3.6.5=3.6.5
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tree_of_Pain=Tree of Pain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Air_(Tyson_Ritter_song)=Air (Tyson Ritter song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Forever_and_Always_(Taylor_Swift_song)=Forever and Always (Taylor Swift song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Close_the_Door_(Shinee_song)=Close the Door (Shinee song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mistake_(Girls'_Generation_song)=Mistake (Girls' Generation song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/(She's_So)_Selfish=(She's So) Selfish
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Show!_Show!_Show!=Show! Show! Show!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Read_My_Lips_(Ciara_song)=Read My Lips (Ciara song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buzzkill_(song)=Buzzkill (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Livin'_It_Up_(Ciara_song)=Livin' It Up (Ciara song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_2nd_Law:_Unsustainable=The 2nd Law: Unsustainable
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mala_Vida=Mala Vida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Drive_(Miley_Cyrus_song)=Drive (Miley Cyrus song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GetItRight_(Miley_Cyrus_song)=GetItRight (Miley Cyrus song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Just_for_Now=Just for Now
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Idas_sommarvisa=Idas sommarvisa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Den_stora_dagen=Den stora dagen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/De_ensammas_promenad=De ensammas promenad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jag_vill_vara_din,_Margareta=Jag vill vara din, Margareta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guenerina=Guenerina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Livin'_for_the_Weekend_(Dina_Carroll_song)=Livin' for the Weekend (Dina Carroll song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parempi_mies=Parempi mies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Smotri_-_eto_kino...=Smotri - eto kino...
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shut_Up_(R._Kelly_song)=Shut Up (R. Kelly song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buzzcut_Season=Buzzcut Season
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swingin_Party=Swingin Party
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alien_(Britney_Spears_song)=Alien (Britney Spears song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diana_(One_Direction_song)=Diana (One Direction song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/High_Hopes_(Tim_Scott_McConnell_song)=High Hopes (Tim Scott McConnell song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Some_Days_Are_Better_Than_Others_(U2_song)=Some Days Are Better Than Others (U2 song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ram_Chahe_Leela=Ram Chahe Leela
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tooh_(song)=Tooh (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phoenix_(ASAP_Rocky_song)=Phoenix (ASAP Rocky song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sexy_Lady_(Jessie_J_song)=Sexy Lady (Jessie J song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bad_Guy_(song)=Bad Guy (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abide_with_Me,_'Tis_Eventide=Abide with Me, 'Tis Eventide
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Man_mor_bani_thangat_kare=Man mor bani thangat kare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shot_Yourself_in_the_Foot_Again=Shot Yourself in the Foot Again
http://dbpedia.org/resource/There_is_a_Tavern_in_the_Town=There is a Tavern in the Town
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strong_(One_Direction_song)=Strong (One Direction song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_Drop_(Bob_Marley_&_The_Wailers_song)=One Drop (Bob Marley & The Wailers song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Soul_(Girls'_Generation_song)=Soul (Girls' Generation song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Let_It_Go_(Disney_song)=Let It Go (Disney song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/You_Saved_My_Soul=You Saved My Soul
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Exciter_(song)=Exciter (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Only_Lonely_(Tina_Arena_song)=Only Lonely (Tina Arena song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rivonia_(song)=Rivonia (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paradise_(Bee_Gees_song)=Paradise (Bee Gees song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yeah!_(Fuel_song)=Yeah! (Fuel song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moonlight_(Barry_Gibb_song)=Moonlight (Barry Gibb song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blah_Blah_Blah_(Gershwin_song)=Blah Blah Blah (Gershwin song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lonesome_Traveller_(Lee_Hays_song)=Lonesome Traveller (Lee Hays song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Impossible_(Christina_Aguilera_song)=Impossible (Christina Aguilera song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blue_Bird_(Korean_folk_song)=Blue Bird (Korean folk song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blue_Bird_(Russian_folk_song)=Blue Bird (Russian folk song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Save_Me_from_Myself_(Christina_Aguilera_song)=Save Me from Myself (Christina Aguilera song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/You_and_I_(Kenny_Rogers_song)=You and I (Kenny Rogers song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sit_Down,_I_Think_I_Love_You=Sit Down, I Think I Love You
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Close_My_Eyes=I Close My Eyes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Horizontal_(song)=Horizontal (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/How_Many_Birds=How Many Birds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Malang_(song)=Malang (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Birdie_Told_Me=Birdie Told Me
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jingle_Jangle_(Bee_Gees_song)=Jingle Jangle (Bee Gees song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Change_Is_Made=The Change Is Made
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Illumination_Theory=Illumination Theory
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hit_Da_Pavement=Hit Da Pavement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Come_On_Come_On_(Smash_Mouth_song)=Come On Come On (Smash Mouth song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pretty_Visitors=Pretty Visitors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Israel_(Bee_Gees_song)=Israel (Bee Gees song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blues_March=Blues March
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Just_in_Time_for_Christmas_(song)=Just in Time for Christmas (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/We_Will_Follow_You_Only=We Will Follow You Only
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lucky_(Exo_song)=Lucky (Exo song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adventstid=Adventstid
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tomtarnas_julnatt=Tomtarnas julnatt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Julbocken_(song)=Julbocken (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kring_julgranen=Kring julgranen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sockerbagaren=Sockerbagaren
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tre_pepparkaksgubbar=Tre pepparkaksgubbar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brightest_and_Best=Brightest and Best
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wonderful_World_(Elvis_Presley_song)=Wonderful World (Elvis Presley song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Where_Are_You_(Bee_Gees_song)=Where Are You (Bee Gees song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christmas_Day_(Exo_song)=Christmas Day (Exo song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brand_New_Love=Brand New Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mer_jul=Mer jul
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Det_brinner_ett_ljus=Det brinner ett ljus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tomtegubben_som_hade_snuva=Tomtegubben som hade snuva
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Jerusalem=American Jerusalem
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ghost_on_the_Dance_Floor=Ghost on the Dance Floor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rakkamma_Kaiya_Thattu=Rakkamma Kaiya Thattu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Who_Do_You_Think_You_Are_Kidding_Jurgen_Klinsmann%3F=Who Do You Think You Are Kidding Jurgen Klinsmann?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/4x4_(song)=4x4 (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Let_It_Go_(Fe_song)=Let It Go (Fe song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Si_(Zaz_song)=Si (Zaz song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Drifting_on_a_Reed=Drifting on a Reed
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1987_(song)=1987 (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fragments_of_Time=Fragments of Time
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rhyme_or_Reason=Rhyme or Reason
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peeled_Apples=Peeled Apples
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Remarkable_Affair=Remarkable Affair
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mother_Russia_(Fe_song)=Mother Russia (Fe song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giddy_Up_(Fe_song)=Giddy Up (Fe song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Same_Girl_(Jennifer_Lopez_song)=Same Girl (Jennifer Lopez song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ride_Rajbun=Ride Rajbun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ribs_(song)=Ribs (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bravado_(song)=Bravado (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Love_Club_(song)=The Love Club (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Redshirts_(song)=Redshirts (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fusil_Contra_Fusil=Fusil Contra Fusil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Refugees_(Embrace_song)=Refugees (Embrace song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dreamer_Deceiver=Dreamer Deceiver
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don't_Sell_Out=Don't Sell Out
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Someday_(Place_in_the_Sun)=Someday (Place in the Sun)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Girls_(Jennifer_Lopez_song)=Girls (Jennifer Lopez song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Temptation_(Arash_song)=Temptation (Arash song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Journey_to_the_Center_of_the_Mind_(song)=Journey to the Center of the Mind (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_More_Perfect_Union_(song)=A More Perfect Union (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alone_Yet_Not_Alone_(song)=Alone Yet Not Alone (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/What_Say_You_Meg%3F=What Say You Meg?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leave_It_Alone_(Broken_Bells_song)=Leave It Alone (Broken Bells song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Perfect_World_(Broken_Bells_song)=Perfect World (Broken Bells song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lies_(Marina_and_the_Diamonds_song)=Lies (Marina and the Diamonds song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sophomore_(Ciara_song)=Sophomore (Ciara song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Do_You_Want_to_Build_a_Snowman%3F=Do You Want to Build a Snowman?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reindeer(s)_Are_Better_Than_People=Reindeer(s) Are Better Than People
http://dbpedia.org/resource/For_the_First_Time_in_Forever=For the First Time in Forever
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_Summer=In Summer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deeper_and_Deeper_(hymn)=Deeper and Deeper (hymn)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/What_You_Need_from_Me=What You Need from Me
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bad_Girl_(Avril_Lavigne_song)=Bad Girl (Avril Lavigne song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Machine_Gun_(Chase_&_Status_song)=Machine Gun (Chase & Status song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Next_Thing=Next Thing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/L8_CMMR=L8 CMMR
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stand_by_Me_(Charles_Albert_Tindley_song)=Stand by Me (Charles Albert Tindley song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Innocent_(Taylor_Swift_song)=Innocent (Taylor Swift song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baby_Mine_(song)=Baby Mine (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Winter_Dreams_(Brandon's_Song)=Winter Dreams (Brandon's Song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Symphony_(song)=The Symphony (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Family_Reunion_(Blink-182_song)=Family Reunion (Blink-182 song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/4_Carats=4 Carats
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bulgarian_Folk_Songs=Bulgarian Folk Songs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I'm_Lost_Without_You=I'm Lost Without You
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stockholm_Syndrome_(Blink-182_song)=Stockholm Syndrome (Blink-182 song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Here_Without_You_(The_Byrds_song)=Here Without You (The Byrds song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/F.O.D._(Fuck_of_Death)=F.O.D. (Fuck of Death)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Medicine_(Shakira_song)=Medicine (Shakira song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/On_Her_Majesty's_Secret_Service_(Propellerheads_song)=On Her Majesty's Secret Service (Propellerheads song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A-25_song=A-25 song
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Innerspirit=Innerspirit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hotel_Shampoos=Hotel Shampoos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goodbye_(Girls'_Generation_song)=Goodbye (Girls' Generation song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heroes_&_Thieves_(song)=Heroes & Thieves (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boys_(Sky_Ferreira_song)=Boys (Sky Ferreira song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/17_(Avril_Lavigne_song)=17 (Avril Lavigne song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sanctified_(song)=Sanctified (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kan_man_gifta_sig_i_jeans%3F=Kan man gifta sig i jeans?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nobody_(Rick_Ross_song)=Nobody (Rick Ross song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/If_This_Is_Love_(Joey_Travolta_song)=If This Is Love (Joey Travolta song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cloudy_(song)=Cloudy (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Overs_(song)=Overs (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Go_West_Young_Man_(Groucho_Marx_song)=Go West Young Man (Groucho Marx song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sab_Paisay_Ki_Game_Hai=Sab Paisay Ki Game Hai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/What_They_Want=What They Want
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sexercize=Sexercize
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Char_Chokka_Hoi_Hoi=Char Chokka Hoi Hoi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Give_Me_Your_Heart_(Bloodstone_song)=Give Me Your Heart (Bloodstone song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Waderai_Ka_Beta=Waderai Ka Beta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Photographs_(You_Are_Taking_Now)=Photographs (You Are Taking Now)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_mort_du_disque=La mort du disque
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fais_les_backs=Fais les backs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Selfish_Giant_(song)=The Selfish Giant (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Regarde_comme_il_fait_beau_(dehors)=Regarde comme il fait beau (dehors)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/You_and_Me_(Damon_Albarn_song)=You and Me (Damon Albarn song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mambo_(1938_song)=Mambo (1938 song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/D.P.M.O.=D.P.M.O.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shady_Lady_(Gene_Pitney_song)=Shady Lady (Gene Pitney song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tenerife_Sea=Tenerife Sea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/There_Goes_My_Baby_(Enrique_Iglesias_song)=There Goes My Baby (Enrique Iglesias song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Another's_Arms=Another's Arms
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oceans_(Coldplay_song)=Oceans (Coldplay song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/O_(Coldplay_song)=O (Coldplay song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zanzibar_(Billy_Joel_song)=Zanzibar (Billy Joel song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Safe_with_Me=Safe with Me
http://dbpedia.org/resource/However_Much_I_Booze=However Much I Booze
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Song_(The_Who_song)=New Song (The Who song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blue,_Red_and_Grey=Blue, Red and Grey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Who_We_Are_(Imagine_Dragons_song)=Who We Are (Imagine Dragons song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Do_Believe_(The_Highwaymen_song)=I Do Believe (The Highwaymen song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Happily_(song)=Happily (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Golden_(Lady_Antebellum_song)=Golden (Lady Antebellum song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Simple_Game=A Simple Game
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_Me_Like_That_(R5_song)=Love Me Like That (R5 song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Only_Human_(Example_song)=Only Human (Example song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Furthest_Thing=Furthest Thing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Progress_(song)=Progress (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sheezus_(song)=Sheezus (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beneath_the_Lion_Rock=Beneath the Lion Rock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alyosha_(song)=Alyosha (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/If_You_Say_So=If You Say So
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fly_(Phillip_Phillips_song)=Fly (Phillip Phillips song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Run_of_the_Mill_(Judas_Priest_song)=Run of the Mill (Judas Priest song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heart's_All_Gone=Heart's All Gone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/LiesLiesLies=LiesLiesLies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trouble_(Natalia_Kills_song)=Trouble (Natalia Kills song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Suite_Sudarmoricaine=Suite Sudarmoricaine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Jument_de_Michao=La Jument de Michao
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marunouchi_Sadistic=Marunouchi Sadistic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Agnete_og_Havmanden=Agnete og Havmanden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beautiful_(Carole_King_song)=Beautiful (Carole King song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trolden_og_Bondens_Hustru=Trolden og Bondens Hustru
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stop_Your_Sobbing=Stop Your Sobbing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oh_Baby_(Bix_Beiderbecke_song)=Oh Baby (Bix Beiderbecke song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pong_Savada_Khmer=Pong Savada Khmer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Punky's_Dilemma=Punky's Dilemma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bookends_(song)=Bookends (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sunn_Raha_Hai_(Female_Version)=Sunn Raha Hai (Female Version)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Me_&_My_Girls=Me & My Girls
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thirsty_(song)=Thirsty (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yasss_Bish=Yasss Bish
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trava_u_doma=Trava u doma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_(Ed_Sheeran_song)=One (Ed Sheeran song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hugs_(song)=Hugs (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chicago_(Michael_Jackson_song)=Chicago (Michael Jackson song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Loving_You_(Michael_Jackson_song)=Loving You (Michael Jackson song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rude_Boy_(Bob_Marley_song)=Rude Boy (Bob Marley song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seishun_no_Matataki=Seishun no Matataki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Slave_to_the_Rhythm_(Michael_Jackson_song)=Slave to the Rhythm (Michael Jackson song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/This_Time_Tomorrow_(song)=This Time Tomorrow (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Can't_Let_Her_Get_Away=Can't Let Her Get Away
http://dbpedia.org/resource/When_Will_My_Life_Begin%3F=When Will My Life Begin?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_Is_an_Open_Door=Love Is an Open Door
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Last_of_the_Steam-Powered_Trains=Last of the Steam-Powered Trains
http://dbpedia.org/resource/River_Bank_(Jamaican_song)=River Bank (Jamaican song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Someone_Else_(Miley_Cyrus_song)=Someone Else (Miley Cyrus song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/People_Take_Pictures_of_Each_Other=People Take Pictures of Each Other
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Something_There=Something There
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_Jump_Ahead_(song)=One Jump Ahead (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Proud_of_Your_Boy=Proud of Your Boy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Electra_Heart_(song)=Electra Heart (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wastelands_(song)=Wastelands (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meanwhile_Back_at_the_Ranch/Should_I_Smoke=Meanwhile Back at the Ranch/Should I Smoke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/You_Know_Better_Than_I=You Know Better Than I
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pink_Champagne_(Ariana_Grande_song)=Pink Champagne (Ariana Grande song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Private_(song)=Private (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Just_Wasn't_Made_for_These_Times=I Just Wasn't Made for These Times
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Best_Wishes_(Duke_Ellington_song)=Best Wishes (Duke Ellington song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amanece_en_la_ruta=Amanece en la ruta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_of_the_Stars=All of the Stars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_Way_Ticket_(Neil_Sedaka_song)=One Way Ticket (Neil Sedaka song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mighty_to_Save_(song)=Mighty to Save (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tierra_mala=Tierra mala
http://dbpedia.org/resource/El_puente_roto=El puente roto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mi_destino_fue_quererte=Mi destino fue quererte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miel_amarga=Miel amarga
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I've_Got_a_Dream=I've Got a Dream
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prayer_in_C=Prayer in C
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Only_U_(VIXX_song)=Only U (VIXX song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fixer_Upper_(song)=Fixer Upper (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/High_Ball_Stepper=High Ball Stepper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Gypsy's_Wife=The Gypsy's Wife
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ice_Age_(song)=Ice Age (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vamos_a_Alabar=Vamos a Alabar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Run_and_Tell_That=Run and Tell That
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wonderful_(Wicked_song)=Wonderful (Wicked song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keys_to_the_Kingdom_(song)=Keys to the Kingdom (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_for_Nothing_(Linkin_Park_song)=All for Nothing (Linkin Park song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Attitude_(The_Kinks_song)=Attitude (The Kinks song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Take_Me_as_I_Am_(Example_song)=Take Me as I Am (Example song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Not_About_Angels=Not About Angels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Long_Distance_(The_Kinks_song)=Long Distance (The Kinks song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Give_the_People_What_They_Want_(The_Kinks_song)=Give the People What They Want (The Kinks song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Secret_O'_Life=Secret O' Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Millworker=Millworker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I'm_a_Mess_(Ed_Sheeran_song)=I'm a Mess (Ed Sheeran song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Afire_Love=Afire Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Man_(Ed_Sheeran_song)=The Man (Ed Sheeran song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Photograph_(Ed_Sheeran_song)=Photograph (Ed Sheeran song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_of_My_Friends_Were_There=All of My Friends Were There
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beautiful_Brown_Eyes=Beautiful Brown Eyes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Very_Cellular_Song=A Very Cellular Song
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lost_Stars=Lost Stars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Old_Master_Painter=The Old Master Painter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johnny_Thunder_(song)=Johnny Thunder (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monica_(song)=Monica (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Impossible_Is_Nothing_(Iggy_Azalea_song)=Impossible Is Nothing (Iggy Azalea song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/How_Ya_Gonna_Keep_'em_Down_on_the_Farm_(After_They've_Seen_Paree)%3F=How Ya Gonna Keep 'em Down on the Farm (After They've Seen Paree)?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phenomenal_Cat=Phenomenal Cat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blue_Gangsta=Blue Gangsta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pussy_(Iggy_Azalea_song)=Pussy (Iggy Azalea song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sitting_by_the_Riverside=Sitting by the Riverside
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Big_Sky_(song)=Big Sky (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Take_It_Back_(Ed_Sheeran_song)=Take It Back (Ed Sheeran song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stardust_(Mika_song)=Stardust (Mika song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Little_Apple_(song)=Little Apple (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kachi_Ikusa=Kachi Ikusa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atarashii_Bunmei_Kaika=Atarashii Bunmei Kaika
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kon'ya_wa_Karasawagi=Kon'ya wa Karasawagi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Por_amor_(Rafael_Solano_song)=Por amor (Rafael Solano song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Song_Of_McGillicudie_The_Pusillanimous=The Song Of McGillicudie The Pusillanimous
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blues_For_A_Young_Girl_Gone=Blues For A Young Girl Gone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Starting_Today_(song)=Starting Today (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Insincerely_Yours=Insincerely Yours
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sherry_She_Needs_Me=Sherry She Needs Me
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tacky_(song)=Tacky (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Season_Sayonara=Season Sayonara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Already_Over,_Pt._2=Already Over, Pt. 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Soldier's_Rosary=A Soldier's Rosary
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Word_Crimes=Word Crimes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/E_penso_a_te_(song)=E penso a te (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lame_Claim_to_Fame=Lame Claim to Fame
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oh_boy,_oh_boy,_oh_boy!=Oh boy, oh boy, oh boy!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Radioactive_(Gene_Simmons_song)=Radioactive (Gene Simmons song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Handy_(song)=Handy (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oliver_Twist_(Vaughn_De_Leath_song)=Oliver Twist (Vaughn De Leath song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Foil_(song)=Foil (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_ett_fotoalbum=I ett fotoalbum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tre_gringos=Tre gringos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/This_Could_Be_the_Night_(1966_song)=This Could Be the Night (1966 song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Something_Good_(Richard_Rodgers_song)=Something Good (Richard Rodgers song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abraham_Lincoln,_what_would_you_do%3F=Abraham Lincoln, what would you do?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/It_Was_Always_You=It Was Always You
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lilla_Ann-Louise=Lilla Ann-Louise
http://dbpedia.org/resource/EveryBODYisflawless=EveryBODYisflawless
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pop_opp_i_topp=Pop opp i topp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Just_Like_a_Man=Just Like a Man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ships_(song)=Ships (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Metro_Jets_(song)=Metro Jets (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/LA_Run=LA Run
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Od_Mene_Se_Odvikavaj=Od Mene Se Odvikavaj
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wir_hatten_gebauet_ein_stattliches_Haus=Wir hatten gebauet ein stattliches Haus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tryggare_kan_ingen_vara=Tryggare kan ingen vara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blott_en_dag=Blott en dag
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_First_Time_(U2_song)=The First Time (U2 song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Your_Lips_Are_No_Man's_Land_But_Mine=Your Lips Are No Man's Land But Mine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bayerischer_Defiliermarsch=Bayerischer Defiliermarsch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Just_Want_to_Have_Something_to_Do=I Just Want to Have Something to Do
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Despedida_(Shakira_song)=Despedida (Shakira song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hippy_Ti_Yo=Hippy Ti Yo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shun_(song)=Shun (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Same_Disease=Same Disease
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Best_Mistake=Best Mistake
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Once_Loved_a_Lass=I Once Loved a Lass
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Will_Give_my_Love_an_Apple=I Will Give my Love an Apple
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charming_Beauty_Bright=Charming Beauty Bright
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stardust_(David_Essex_song)=Stardust (David Essex song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Klinga_mina_klockor_(song)=Klinga mina klockor (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/They_Were_All_Out_of_Step_But_Jim=They Were All Out of Step But Jim
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Faces_(Nik_Kershaw_song)=Faces (Nik Kershaw song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I'm_Gonna_Be_a_Country_Girl_Again_(song)=I'm Gonna Be a Country Girl Again (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blue_Virgin_Isles_(song)=Blue Virgin Isles (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blue_Blue_(Victoria)=Blue Blue (Victoria)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Going_Down_to_the_River=Going Down to the River
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dunja,_du=Dunja, du
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hand_i_hand=Hand i hand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Astrologen=Astrologen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vintersaga=Vintersaga
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Den_vita_duvan=Den vita duvan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/International_(Chase_&_Status_song)=International (Chase & Status song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sommarparty=Sommarparty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jag_vill_leva_i_Europa=Jag vill leva i Europa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Huttidare_Kannada=Huttidare Kannada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Julpolska=Julpolska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Julpolskan=Julpolskan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christmas_in_New_York=Christmas in New York
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barfotavisan=Barfotavisan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anders_Petters_stuga=Anders Petters stuga
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karusellen_(song)=Karusellen (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ritsch,_ratsch,_filibom=Ritsch, ratsch, filibom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Morsgrisar=Morsgrisar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tomten_och_haren=Tomten och haren
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sanctify_Yourself=Sanctify Yourself
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_Quintessence=In Quintessence
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Think_I'm_Go_Go=I Think I'm Go Go
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I'm_Not_Your_Hero=I'm Not Your Hero
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lilla_snigel=Lilla snigel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hej,_sa_Petronella=Hej, sa Petronella
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vattenvisan=Vattenvisan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samjhawan=Samjhawan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raat_Bhar=Raat Bhar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_Dream_(Ernie_Smith_song)=One Dream (Ernie Smith song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pool_Party!=Pool Party!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nagada_Sang_Dhol=Nagada Sang Dhol
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glass_Enclosure_(song)=Glass Enclosure (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bride's_Burial=The Bride's Burial
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Elephant_Ride=The Elephant Ride
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doraemon_no_Uta=Doraemon no Uta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sunn_Raha_Hai=Sunn Raha Hai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/You_&_Me_(Ayumi_Hamasaki_song)=You & Me (Ayumi Hamasaki song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frauncis_new_Jigge,_betweene_Frauncis_a_Gentleman,_and_Richard_a_Farmer=Frauncis new Jigge, betweene Frauncis a Gentleman, and Richard a Farmer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_free_admonition_without_any_fees_/_To_warne_the_Papistes_to_beware_of_three_trees=A free admonition without any fees / To warne the Papistes to beware of three trees
http://dbpedia.org/resource/After_The_War_Is_Over=After The War Is Over
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Au_Revoir_But_Not_Good_Bye,_Soldier_Boy=Au Revoir But Not Good Bye, Soldier Boy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Back_Hug=Back Hug
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baby's_Prayer_Will_Soon_Be_Answered=Baby's Prayer Will Soon Be Answered
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tell_That_to_the_Marines=Tell That to the Marines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manwa_Laage=Manwa Laage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oh_How_I_Wish_I_could_Sleep_Until_My_Daddy_Comes_Back_Home=Oh How I Wish I could Sleep Until My Daddy Comes Back Home
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spirit_of_Independence_March=Spirit of Independence March
http://dbpedia.org/resource/On_the_Road_to_Calais=On the Road to Calais
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Somebody's_Waiting_for_Someone=Somebody's Waiting for Someone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Kind_of_Christmas_(Johnny_Mathis_song)=My Kind of Christmas (Johnny Mathis song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Believe_Me_(Usher_song)=Believe Me (Usher song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kungens_lilla_piga=Kungens lilla piga
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Just_A_Baby's_Prayer_At_Twilight_(For_Her_Daddy_Over_There)=Just A Baby's Prayer At Twilight (For Her Daddy Over There)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uncle_Sam_Gets_Around=Uncle Sam Gets Around
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Voyage_to_Virginia=A Voyage to Virginia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robin_Hood_and_Little_John=Robin Hood and Little John
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Packington's_Pound=Packington's Pound
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Ballad,_Intituled,_The_Old_Mans_Complaint_against_his_/_Wretched_Son,_who_to_Advance_his_Marriage,_did_undo_himself.=A Ballad, Intituled, The Old Mans Complaint against his / Wretched Son, who to Advance his Marriage, did undo himself.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ballad_of_the_Cloak=The Ballad of the Cloak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silent_Voices_(Dionne_Warwick_song)=Silent Voices (Dionne Warwick song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kentish_Dick=Kentish Dick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tell_Me_When_Did_Things_Go_So_Wrong=Tell Me When Did Things Go So Wrong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_the_Mood_(Ricki-Lee_Coulter_song)=In the Mood (Ricki-Lee Coulter song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baptism_(song)=Baptism (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Torsten_the_Bareback_Saint=Torsten the Bareback Saint
http://dbpedia.org/resource/L'important_c'est_la_rose=L'important c'est la rose
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gangstas_Don't_Live_That_Long=Gangstas Don't Live That Long
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Best_Is_Yet_to_Come=Best Is Yet to Come
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Night_Spots=Night Spots
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oui,_Oui,_Marie=Oui, Oui, Marie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/While_You're_Away_(Pack_Up_Your_Cares_in_a_Bundle_of_Joy)=While You're Away (Pack Up Your Cares in a Bundle of Joy)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Internet_Friends=Internet Friends
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Train_Is_Coming=The Train Is Coming
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heart_Beats_Again=Heart Beats Again
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lady_Isabel's_Tragedy=Lady Isabel's Tragedy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/King_James_(M.I_song)=King James (M.I song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Panorama_(The_Cars_song)=Panorama (The Cars song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Good_Bye_Broadway,_Hello_France=Good Bye Broadway, Hello France
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Say_a_Prayer_for_the_Boys_Over_There=Say a Prayer for the Boys Over There
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hot_Time_in_the_Town_of_Berlin=Hot Time in the Town of Berlin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coridon_and_Parthenia=Coridon and Parthenia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_lamentation_of_cloris=The lamentation of cloris
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chloroform_(song)=Chloroform (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wave_(Beck_song)=Wave (Beck song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Success_of_the_Two_English_Travellers_Newly_Arrived_at_London=The Success of the Two English Travellers Newly Arrived at London
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hallo_Vriendjes=Hallo Vriendjes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Practice_What_You_Preach_(Testament_song)=Practice What You Preach (Testament song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Belgian_Rose=My Belgian Rose
http://dbpedia.org/resource/For_Your_Boy_and_My_Boy=For Your Boy and My Boy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Slow_Acid=Slow Acid
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baby_Let's_Dance=Baby Let's Dance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Walk_on_Guilded_Splinters=I Walk on Guilded Splinters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lillebror=Lillebror
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Priscilla_(Miranda_Lambert_song)=Priscilla (Miranda Lambert song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Custer_(song)=Custer (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sarcastrophe=Sarcastrophe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Killpop=Killpop
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lord_Protect_My_Child=Lord Protect My Child
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_the_Street_(song)=In the Street (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shudhu_Gaan_Geye_Porichoy=Shudhu Gaan Geye Porichoy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oi_Jhinuk_Phota_Sagorbelay=Oi Jhinuk Phota Sagorbelay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hold_On_(Ben_Kweller_and_Selena_Gomez_song)=Hold On (Ben Kweller and Selena Gomez song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Panchi_Nadiya_Pawan_Ke=Panchi Nadiya Pawan Ke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Suzan_Suzi=Suzan Suzi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Just_Like_Washington_Crossed_the_Delaware,_General_Pershing_Will_Cross_the_Rhine=Just Like Washington Crossed the Delaware, General Pershing Will Cross the Rhine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Break_Up_in_a_Small_Town=Break Up in a Small Town
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Out_of_the_Woods_(song)=Out of the Woods (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parental_Advisory_(Jay_Rock_song)=Parental Advisory (Jay Rock song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_British_Are_Coming_(song)=The British Are Coming (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lonely_Girl_(Weezer_song)=Lonely Girl (Weezer song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arikitari_na_Onna=Arikitari na Onna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Choopeta=Choopeta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Welcome_to_New_York_(song)=Welcome to New York (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Finalmente=Finalmente
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aao_Huzoor_Tumko=Aao Huzoor Tumko
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Holiday_for_Strings_(song)=Holiday for Strings (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Tribute_(To_God_Be_The_Glory)=My Tribute (To God Be The Glory)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/En_stjerne_skinner_i_natt=En stjerne skinner i natt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brotha_(Angie_Stone_song)=Brotha (Angie Stone song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/O,_min_Carl_Gustaf=O, min Carl Gustaf
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fait_accompli_(BAO_song)=Fait accompli (BAO song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Little_Bit_is_Better_Than_Nada=Little Bit is Better Than Nada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sandy_(Dion_DiMucci_song)=Sandy (Dion DiMucci song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/If_You_Were_Still_Around=If You Were Still Around
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Smoke_The_Weed=Smoke The Weed
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boundless_Oceans,_Vast_Skies=Boundless Oceans, Vast Skies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dagny_(song)=Dagny (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vid_en_liten_fiskehamn=Vid en liten fiskehamn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iggy_SZN=Iggy SZN
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buddha_Mil_Gaya_(song)=Buddha Mil Gaya (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Girl_Like_U=Girl Like U
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Imagine_(Snoop_Dogg_song)=Imagine (Snoop Dogg song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Snoopafella=Snoopafella
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meherbaan_(song)=Meherbaan (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Island_in_the_Sun_(Harry_Belafonte_song)=Island in the Sun (Harry Belafonte song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_La_La_(Snoop_Lion_song)=La La La (Snoop Lion song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johnny's_Theme=Johnny's Theme
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mom_(song)=Mom (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/XIX_(song)=XIX (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AOV_(song)=AOV (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Skeptic_(song)=Skeptic (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_Prison=In Prison
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_My_Love_(Major_Lazer_song)=All My Love (Major Lazer song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Who_Do_You_Think_You_Are_(Colette_Carr_song)=Who Do You Think You Are (Colette Carr song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/B.U.T_(Be-Au-Ty)_/_Back_to_Tomorrow=B.U.T (Be-Au-Ty) / Back to Tomorrow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/OopDeeWopDee=OopDeeWopDee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paloma_negra=Paloma negra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Galliyan=Galliyan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apna_Bombay_Talkies=Apna Bombay Talkies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rooster_in_My_Rari=Rooster in My Rari
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Tailor_and_the_Mouse=The Tailor and the Mouse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bushes_and_Briars=Bushes and Briars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/It_Seems_Like_You're_Ready=It Seems Like You're Ready
http://dbpedia.org/resource/18_(One_Direction_song)=18 (One Direction song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Where_Do_Broken_Hearts_Go_(One_Direction_song)=Where Do Broken Hearts Go (One Direction song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johnny_Jump_Up_(song)=Johnny Jump Up (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_Is_on_Its_Way=Love Is on Its Way
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chaar_Kadam=Chaar Kadam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Evert_(song)=Evert (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meltdown_(Stromae_song)=Meltdown (Stromae song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Devil_Pray=Devil Pray
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Big_Eyes_(Lana_Del_Rey_song)=Big Eyes (Lana Del Rey song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_Things_Go=All Things Go
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Muskurane=Muskurane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Det_kimer_nu_til_julefest=Det kimer nu til julefest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hey_Mama_(David_Guetta_song)=Hey Mama (David Guetta song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mast_Magan=Mast Magan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phir_Le_Aya_Dil=Phir Le Aya Dil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Duaa=Duaa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dear_Future_Husband=Dear Future Husband
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Main_Rang_Sharbaton_Ka=Main Rang Sharbaton Ka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prototype_(Viktoria_Modesta_song)=Prototype (Viktoria Modesta song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Weight_(song)=Weight (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Kids_Aren't_Alright_(Fall_Out_Boy_song)=The Kids Aren't Alright (Fall Out Boy song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dilliwaali_Girlfriend=Dilliwaali Girlfriend
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hand_Me_Down_My_Walking_Cane=Hand Me Down My Walking Cane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Backwater_Blues=Backwater Blues
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Make_It_Rain_(Foy_Vance_song)=Make It Rain (Foy Vance song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Suno_Na_Sangemarmar=Suno Na Sangemarmar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Container_(song)=Container (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Intro_(The_xx_song)=Intro (The xx song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Let_Me_(1956_song)=Let Me (1956 song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Poor_Boy_(Elvis_Presley_song)=Poor Boy (Elvis Presley song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tu_Hi_Hai_Aashiqui=Tu Hi Hai Aashiqui
http://dbpedia.org/resource/True_Believer_(E-Type_song)=True Believer (E-Type song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nanga_Punga_Dost=Nanga Punga Dost
http://dbpedia.org/resource/We_Gotta_Pray=We Gotta Pray
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ankara'dan_Abim_Geldi=Ankara'dan Abim Geldi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pookkalae_Sattru_Oyivedungal=Pookkalae Sattru Oyivedungal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sooraj_Dooba_Hain=Sooraj Dooba Hain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/O_Priya_Tumi_Kothay=O Priya Tumi Kothay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bring_Flowers_of_the_Rarest=Bring Flowers of the Rarest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_Dose=Love Dose
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Irresistible_(Fall_Out_Boy_song)=Irresistible (Fall Out Boy song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brown_Rang=Brown Rang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Panther_Power_(song)=Panther Power (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scars_(James_Bay_song)=Scars (James Bay song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aja_(song)=Aja (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kan_du_vissla_Johanna%3F_(song)=Kan du vissla Johanna? (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shine_(Gwen_Stefani_song)=Shine (Gwen Stefani song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Heart_Is_Open=My Heart Is Open
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Them_Girls_Be_Like=Them Girls Be Like
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hate_to_See_Your_Heart_Break=Hate to See Your Heart Break
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_Parade_(7eventh_Time_Down_song)=Love Parade (7eventh Time Down song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sawan_Aaya_Hai=Sawan Aaya Hai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Genom_vatten_och_eld_(song)=Genom vatten och eld (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chahun_Main_Ya_Naa=Chahun Main Ya Naa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Are_You_with_Me_(Easton_Corbin_song)=Are You with Me (Easton Corbin song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Maid_of_Amsterdam=The Maid of Amsterdam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Long_Way_to_Go_(Gwen_Stefani_song)=Long Way to Go (Gwen Stefani song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hum_Mar_Jayenge=Hum Mar Jayenge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Milne_Hai_Mujhse_Aayi=Milne Hai Mujhse Aayi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orange_County_Girl=Orange County Girl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Serious_(Gwen_Stefani_song)=Serious (Gwen Stefani song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kabira_(song)=Kabira (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ilahi_(song)=Ilahi (song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/U_Started_It=U Started It
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wonderful_Life_(Gwen_Stefani_song)=Wonderful Life (Gwen Stefani song)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Har_Kisi_Ko=Har Kisi Ko
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laal_Ishq=Laal Ishq
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ballad_of_the_Hip_Death_Goddess=Ballad of the Hip Death Goddess
