http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rijksmuseum=Rijksmuseum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Museum_of_Science_and_Industry_(Chicago)=Museum of Science and Industry (Chicago)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mauritshuis=Mauritshuis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rock_and_Roll_Hall_of_Fame=Rock and Roll Hall of Fame
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Catacombs_of_Paris=Catacombs of Paris
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guggenheim_Museum_Bilbao=Guggenheim Museum Bilbao
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Victoria_and_Albert_Museum=Victoria and Albert Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doge's_Palace=Doge's Palace
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hollywood_Walk_of_Fame=Hollywood Walk of Fame
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amberley_Museum_&_Heritage_Centre=Amberley Museum & Heritage Centre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/San_Francisco_Museum_of_Modern_Art=San Francisco Museum of Modern Art
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Science_Museum,_London=Science Museum, London
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Van_Gogh_Museum=Van Gogh Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Royal_Academy_of_Arts=Royal Academy of Arts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Railway_Museum=National Railway Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Museum_of_Science_and_Industry_(Manchester)=Museum of Science and Industry (Manchester)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Egyptian_Museum=Egyptian Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hellfire_Pass=Hellfire Pass
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vatican_Museums=Vatican Museums
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Gallery_of_Australia=National Gallery of Australia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hiller_Aviation_Museum=Hiller Aviation Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pro_Football_Hall_of_Fame=Pro Football Hall of Fame
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Corvette_Museum=National Corvette Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Cloisters=The Cloisters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Natural_History_Museum,_London=Natural History Museum, London
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Maritime_Museum=National Maritime Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fitzwilliam_Museum=Fitzwilliam Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Los_Angeles_County_Museum_of_Art=Los Angeles County Museum of Art
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canadian_Museum_of_History=Canadian Museum of History
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Museum_of_London=Museum of London
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buckinghamshire_Railway_Centre=Buckinghamshire Railway Centre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dulwich_Picture_Gallery=Dulwich Picture Gallery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Space_Centre=National Space Centre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kiasma=Kiasma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Evergreen_Aviation_&_Space_Museum=Evergreen Aviation & Space Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Constitution_Center=National Constitution Center
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yiddish_Book_Center=Yiddish Book Center
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Biblioteca_Ambrosiana=Biblioteca Ambrosiana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ArtCar_Museum=ArtCar Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Royal_Society_of_Chemistry=Royal Society of Chemistry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Institute_of_Contemporary_Arts=Institute of Contemporary Arts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Museum_of_Flight=Museum of Flight
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pacific_Science_Center=Pacific Science Center
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Northumberland_Fusiliers_Museum=Northumberland Fusiliers Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Museum_of_Natural_History_(France)=National Museum of Natural History (France)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Transvaal_Museum=Transvaal Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Underground_Railroad_Freedom_Center=National Underground Railroad Freedom Center
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Portrait_Gallery,_London=National Portrait Gallery, London
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fort_York=Fort York
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pittsburgh_Filmmakers=Pittsburgh Filmmakers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Museum_of_the_United_States_Air_Force=National Museum of the United States Air Force
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Tech_Museum_of_Innovation=The Tech Museum of Innovation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Museum_of_Australia=National Museum of Australia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joslyn_Art_Museum=Joslyn Art Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Powerhouse_Museum=Powerhouse Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/R._E._Olds_Transportation_Museum=R. E. Olds Transportation Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lawrence_Hall_of_Science=Lawrence Hall of Science
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thinktank,_Birmingham=Thinktank, Birmingham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Museum_of_Ireland=National Museum of Ireland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Derby_Museum_and_Art_Gallery=Derby Museum and Art Gallery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Minnesota_Transportation_Museum=Minnesota Transportation Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seattle_Asian_Art_Museum=Seattle Asian Art Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fraunces_Tavern=Fraunces Tavern
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hirshhorn_Museum_and_Sculpture_Garden=Hirshhorn Museum and Sculpture Garden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Museum_of_History_&_Industry_(MOHAI)=Museum of History & Industry (MOHAI)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Art_Gallery=Henry Art Gallery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Burke_Museum_of_Natural_History_and_Culture=Burke Museum of Natural History and Culture
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Football_Museum=National Football Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Women's_Basketball_Hall_of_Fame=Women's Basketball Hall of Fame
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Transport_Museum,_Wythall=The Transport Museum, Wythall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Higgins_Armory_Museum=Higgins Armory Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Galleria_Borghese=Galleria Borghese
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Skansen=Skansen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canada_Agriculture_Museum=Canada Agriculture Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peel_Art_Gallery,_Museum_and_Archives=Peel Art Gallery, Museum and Archives
http://dbpedia.org/resource/People's_History_Museum=People's History Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/International_Swimming_Hall_of_Fame=International Swimming Hall of Fame
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kimbell_Art_Museum=Kimbell Art Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Australian_Museum=Australian Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steven_F._Udvar-Hazy_Center=Steven F. Udvar-Hazy Center
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Herschel_Museum_of_Astronomy=Herschel Museum of Astronomy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Morris_Gallery=William Morris Gallery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Museum_Cardiff=National Museum Cardiff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/British_Commercial_Vehicle_Museum=British Commercial Vehicle Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stedelijk_Museum_Amsterdam=Stedelijk Museum Amsterdam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frans_Hals_Museum=Frans Hals Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Museum_of_Art_of_Romania=National Museum of Art of Romania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Museum_of_Glass=Museum of Glass
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Motorcycle_Hall_of_Fame=Motorcycle Hall of Fame
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Science_North=Science North
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Teylers_Museum=Teylers Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/EdVenture=EdVenture
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Centre_for_Life=Centre for Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/U.S._Space_&_Rocket_Center=U.S. Space & Rocket Center
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Weisman_Art_Museum=Weisman Art Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Museum_of_Science_&_Industry_(Tampa)=Museum of Science & Industry (Tampa)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gilmore_Car_Museum=Gilmore Car Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ca'_Rezzonico=Ca' Rezzonico
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Royal_Belgian_Institute_of_Natural_Sciences=Royal Belgian Institute of Natural Sciences
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Salar_Jung_Museum=Salar Jung Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Whitechapel_Gallery=Whitechapel Gallery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cleveland_Museum_of_Art=Cleveland Museum of Art
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sainte-Marie_among_the_Hurons=Sainte-Marie among the Hurons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Serpentine_Galleries=Serpentine Galleries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/International_Spy_Museum=International Spy Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Asiatic_Society=The Asiatic Society
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beecroft_Art_Gallery=Beecroft Art Gallery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arnolfini=Arnolfini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/College_Football_Hall_of_Fame=College Football Hall of Fame
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bata_Shoe_Museum=Bata Shoe Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Casa_Rocca_Piccola=Casa Rocca Piccola
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Florida_Museum_of_Natural_History=Florida Museum of Natural History
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Imperial_War_Museum_Duxford=Imperial War Museum Duxford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Didcot_Railway_Centre=Didcot Railway Centre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Airline_History_Museum=National Airline History Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Postal_Museum=National Postal Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walthamstow_Pump_House_Museum=Walthamstow Pump House Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fernbank_Science_Center=Fernbank Science Center
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Museum_of_Reading=Museum of Reading
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gallerie_dell'Accademia=Gallerie dell'Accademia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dublin_City_Gallery_The_Hugh_Lane=Dublin City Gallery The Hugh Lane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Phillips_Collection=The Phillips Collection
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wimbledon_Lawn_Tennis_Museum=Wimbledon Lawn Tennis Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Museum_of_London_Docklands=Museum of London Docklands
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rockefeller_Museum=Rockefeller Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_York_Transit_Museum=New York Transit Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Creation_Museum=Creation Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Computer_Museum=American Computer Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pavek_Museum_of_Broadcasting=Pavek Museum of Broadcasting
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carnegie_Science_Center=Carnegie Science Center
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Museum_of_the_Confederacy=Museum of the Confederacy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Istanbul_Contemporary_Art_Museum=Istanbul Contemporary Art Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Planes_of_Fame_Air_Museum=Planes of Fame Air Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Folk_Art_Museum=American Folk Art Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Civil_War_Museum=National Civil War Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/El_Museo_del_Barrio=El Museo del Barrio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_York_Hall_of_Science=New York Hall of Science
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Museum=New Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MoMA_PS1=MoMA PS1
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Naturhistorisches_Museum=Naturhistorisches Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Royal_Museum_for_Central_Africa=Royal Museum for Central Africa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/McCord_Museum=McCord Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Army_Museum=National Army Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cartoon_Art_Museum=Cartoon Art Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Modern_Transportation_Museum=Modern Transportation Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_H._Wright_Museum_of_African_American_History=Charles H. Wright Museum of African American History
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Virginia_Historical_Society=Virginia Historical Society
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CIA_Museum=CIA Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/South_Hill_Park=South Hill Park
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benaki_Museum=Benaki Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Railroad_Museum_of_Pennsylvania=Railroad Museum of Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Railway_Museum_(Saitama)=Railway Museum (Saitama)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cobb_&_Co_Museum=Cobb & Co Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Design_Museum=Design Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Courtauld_Gallery=Courtauld Gallery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Churchill_War_Rooms=Churchill War Rooms
http://dbpedia.org/resource/McMichael_Canadian_Art_Collection=McMichael Canadian Art Collection
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jewish_Museum_London=Jewish Museum London
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tokyo_National_Museum=Tokyo National Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sun_Yat_Sen_Nanyang_Memorial_Hall=Sun Yat Sen Nanyang Memorial Hall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Modern_Art_Oxford=Modern Art Oxford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fort_Edmonton_Park=Fort Edmonton Park
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louisville_Slugger_Museum_&_Factory=Louisville Slugger Museum & Factory
http://dbpedia.org/resource/World_Forestry_Center=World Forestry Center
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rembrandt_House_Museum=Rembrandt House Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/World_Rugby_Museum=World Rugby Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baltimore_Museum_of_Art=Baltimore Museum of Art
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Museum_of_Iran=National Museum of Iran
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fantasy_of_Flight=Fantasy of Flight
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Botanic_Garden_Meise=Botanic Garden Meise
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Montreal_Planetarium=Montreal Planetarium
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Freud_Museum=Freud Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Virginia_Holocaust_Museum=Virginia Holocaust Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SteamRanger=SteamRanger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ferens_Art_Gallery=Ferens Art Gallery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arizona_Railway_Museum=Arizona Railway Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/McWane_Science_Center=McWane Science Center
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laing_Art_Gallery=Laing Art Gallery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yankee_Air_Museum=Yankee Air Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Galleries_of_Justice_Museum=Galleries of Justice Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Australian_National_Maritime_Museum=Australian National Maritime Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SciTrek=SciTrek
http://dbpedia.org/resource/King_Township_Museum=King Township Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fan_Museum=Fan Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carnavalet_Museum=Carnavalet Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sejong_Center=Sejong Center
http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_Carolina_Transportation_Museum=North Carolina Transportation Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grant_Museum_of_Zoology_and_Comparative_Anatomy=Grant Museum of Zoology and Comparative Anatomy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gemeentemuseum_Den_Haag=Gemeentemuseum Den Haag
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Danish_Museum_of_Art_&_Design=Danish Museum of Art & Design
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Museum_of_English_Rural_Life=Museum of English Rural Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/S._Dillon_Ripley_Center=S. Dillon Ripley Center
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Montreal_Museum_of_Fine_Arts=Montreal Museum of Fine Arts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Automobile_Museum=National Automobile Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tehran_Museum_of_Contemporary_Art=Tehran Museum of Contemporary Art
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ure_Museum_of_Greek_Archaeology=Ure Museum of Greek Archaeology
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cole_Museum_of_Zoology=Cole Museum of Zoology
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Polk_Museum_of_Art=Polk Museum of Art
http://dbpedia.org/resource/T._T._Wentworth,_Jr._Florida_State_Museum=T. T. Wentworth, Jr. Florida State Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Groninger_Museum=Groninger Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Australian_Institute_of_Aboriginal_and_Torres_Strait_Islander_Studies=Australian Institute of Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander Studies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canadian_Automotive_Museum=Canadian Automotive Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Australian_Stockman's_Hall_of_Fame=Australian Stockman's Hall of Fame
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hispanic_Society_of_America=Hispanic Society of America
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Confederate_Memorial_Hall=Confederate Memorial Hall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Museum_of_Neon_Art=Museum of Neon Art
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Museum_Boerhaave=Museum Boerhaave
http://dbpedia.org/resource/California_Science_Center=California Science Center
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Irish_Jewish_Museum=Irish Jewish Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Huis_Doorn=Huis Doorn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canadian_Canoe_Museum=Canadian Canoe Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_World_War_II_Museum=National World War II Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Universeum=Universeum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swedish_Air_Force_Museum=Swedish Air Force Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Archaeological_Museum_of_Manisa=Archaeological Museum of Manisa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Science_Museum_of_Virginia=Science Museum of Virginia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shanghai_Science_and_Technology_Museum=Shanghai Science and Technology Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lahore_Museum=Lahore Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sherlock_Holmes_Museum=Sherlock Holmes Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Naval_Aviation_Museum=National Naval Aviation Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canberra_Museum_and_Gallery=Canberra Museum and Gallery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crawford_Auto-Aviation_Museum=Crawford Auto-Aviation Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Museum_of_Russian_Art=The Museum of Russian Art
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Questacon=Questacon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Gallery_in_Prague=National Gallery in Prague
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sydney_Tramway_Museum=Sydney Tramway Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mobile_Museum_of_Art=Mobile Museum of Art
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Huntsville_Museum_of_Art=Huntsville Museum of Art
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Drake_Well_Museum=Drake Well Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/House_of_Terror=House of Terror
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nebraska_Hall_of_Fame=Nebraska Hall of Fame
http://dbpedia.org/resource/McDonald's_No._1_Store_Museum=McDonald's No. 1 Store Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arkansas_Museum_of_Natural_Resources=Arkansas Museum of Natural Resources
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Butler_Institute_of_American_Art=Butler Institute of American Art
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Art_Gallery_of_Alberta=Art Gallery of Alberta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Van_Abbemuseum=Van Abbemuseum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_South_Wales_Rail_Transport_Museum=New South Wales Rail Transport Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Queensland_Art_Gallery=Queensland Art Gallery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canadian_Railway_Museum=Canadian Railway Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Singapore_Art_Museum=Singapore Art Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Widescreen_Museum=American Widescreen Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Old_Railway_Station_Museum=Old Railway Station Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kumu_(museum)=Kumu (museum)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Morikami_Museum_and_Japanese_Gardens=Morikami Museum and Japanese Gardens
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adam_Art_Gallery=Adam Art Gallery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Weingreen_Museum_of_Biblical_Antiquities=Weingreen Museum of Biblical Antiquities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Walk_Museum=New Walk Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edgar_Allan_Poe_Museum_(Richmond,_Virginia)=Edgar Allan Poe Museum (Richmond, Virginia)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/War_Memorial_of_Korea=War Memorial of Korea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kyushu_National_Museum=Kyushu National Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Naturalis=Naturalis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hand_Fan_Museum=Hand Fan Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Netherlands_Open_Air_Museum=Netherlands Open Air Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Columbia_River_Maritime_Museum=Columbia River Maritime Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hull_Street_Station=Hull Street Station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Newstead_House,_Brisbane=Newstead House, Brisbane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Museum_of_the_Rockies=Museum of the Rockies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dana_Centre=Dana Centre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maritime_Museum_of_San_Diego=Maritime Museum of San Diego
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Railway_Museum_(Netherlands)=Railway Museum (Netherlands)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nara_National_Museum=Nara National Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kyoto_National_Museum=Kyoto National Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shibden_Hall=Shibden Hall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wings_Over_the_Rockies_Air_and_Space_Museum=Wings Over the Rockies Air and Space Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Winter_Garden_Heritage_Foundation=Winter Garden Heritage Foundation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monkwearmouth_Station_Museum=Monkwearmouth Station Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guggenheim_Hermitage_Museum=Guggenheim Hermitage Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strategic_Air_and_Space_Museum=Strategic Air and Space Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matthaei_Botanical_Gardens=Matthaei Botanical Gardens
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nichols_Arboretum=Nichols Arboretum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brunswick_Heritage_Museum=Brunswick Heritage Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boston_Children's_Museum=Boston Children's Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Japanese_American_National_Museum=Japanese American National Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Olympic_Flight_Museum=Olympic Flight Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MuseuMAfricA=MuseuMAfricA
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canadian_Warplane_Heritage_Museum=Canadian Warplane Heritage Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Florida_Holocaust_Museum=Florida Holocaust Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Natural_History_Museum_(Ireland)=Natural History Museum (Ireland)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Southern_Museum_of_Flight=Southern Museum of Flight
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Museu_Nacional_d'Art_de_Catalunya=Museu Nacional d'Art de Catalunya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seattle_Children's_Museum=Seattle Children's Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Museum_at_Central_School=The Museum at Central School
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Museum_of_Weapons_and_Early_American_History=Museum of Weapons and Early American History
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Neon_Museum=Neon Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/African_American_Museum_in_Philadelphia=African American Museum in Philadelphia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Telus_Spark=Telus Spark
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Museum_Boijmans_Van_Beuningen=Museum Boijmans Van Beuningen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dorrigo_Steam_Railway_and_Museum=Dorrigo Steam Railway and Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fenimore_Art_Museum=Fenimore Art Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Museum_of_Discovery_and_Science=Museum of Discovery and Science
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Museum_Computer_Network=Museum Computer Network
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Livrustkammaren=Livrustkammaren
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Washington_Gallery_of_Modern_Art=Washington Gallery of Modern Art
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Escher_Museum=Escher Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pinacoteca_di_Brera=Pinacoteca di Brera
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boonshoft_Museum_of_Discovery=Boonshoft Museum of Discovery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Burchfield_Penney_Art_Center=Burchfield Penney Art Center
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Berkshire_Museum=Berkshire Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Museum_of_Life_and_Science=Museum of Life and Science
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Art_Gallery_of_South_Australia=Art Gallery of South Australia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miami_Children's_Museum=Miami Children's Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Museum_of_the_Pacific_War=National Museum of the Pacific War
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crystal_Bridges_Museum_of_American_Art=Crystal Bridges Museum of American Art
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Soares_dos_Reis_National_Museum=Soares dos Reis National Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jawahar_Planetarium=Jawahar Planetarium
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rodin_Museum=Rodin Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Exploration_Place=Exploration Place
http://dbpedia.org/resource/America's_Car_Museum=America's Car Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/State_Art_and_Sculpture_Museum=State Art and Sculpture Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lakeland_Motor_Museum=Lakeland Motor Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buffalo_Niagara_Heritage_Village=Buffalo Niagara Heritage Village
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kilby_Provincial_Park=Kilby Provincial Park
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ogden_Museum_of_Southern_Art=Ogden Museum of Southern Art
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tampa_Museum_of_Art=Tampa Museum of Art
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Valentine_Richmond_History_Center=Valentine Richmond History Center
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Historic_Pensacola's_Museum_of_Commerce=Historic Pensacola's Museum of Commerce
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Modern_Art_Museum_of_Fort_Worth=Modern Art Museum of Fort Worth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Museum_of_Anatolian_Civilizations=Museum of Anatolian Civilizations
http://dbpedia.org/resource/International_Game_Fish_Association=International Game Fish Association
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Niles_Depot_Museum=Niles Depot Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/German_Shipping_Museum=German Shipping Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Trolleybus_Museum_at_Sandtoft=The Trolleybus Museum at Sandtoft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Historical_Museum_(Bulgaria)=National Historical Museum (Bulgaria)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Allen_County_Museum=Allen County Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nederlands_Scheepvaartmuseum=Nederlands Scheepvaartmuseum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trammell_&_Margaret_Crow_Collection_of_Asian_Art=Trammell & Margaret Crow Collection of Asian Art
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Museum_of_Industry_(Pensacola,_Florida)=Museum of Industry (Pensacola, Florida)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Palm_Springs_Air_Museum=Palm Springs Air Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Museum_of_the_United_States_Navy=National Museum of the United States Navy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Old_Treasury_Building,_Melbourne=Old Treasury Building, Melbourne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Folk_Museum_of_Korea=National Folk Museum of Korea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lachlan_Valley_Railway=Lachlan Valley Railway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hovercraft_Museum=Hovercraft Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wereldmuseum=Wereldmuseum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Virginia_Aviation_Museum=Virginia Aviation Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kaohsiung_Museum_of_Fine_Arts=Kaohsiung Museum of Fine Arts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bilbao_Fine_Arts_Museum=Bilbao Fine Arts Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beit_Al_Quran=Beit Al Quran
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sardar_Vallabhbhai_Patel_National_Memorial=Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel National Memorial
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rubin_Museum_of_Art=Rubin Museum of Art
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silent_Wings_Museum=Silent Wings Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Istanbul_Archaeology_Museums=Istanbul Archaeology Museums
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Milton_J._Rubenstein_Museum_of_Science_and_Technology=Milton J. Rubenstein Museum of Science and Technology
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carolinas_Aviation_Museum=Carolinas Aviation Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Afif-Abad_Garden=Afif-Abad Garden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canadian_Museum_for_Human_Rights=Canadian Museum for Human Rights
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ateneum=Ateneum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nikola_Tesla_Museum=Nikola Tesla Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jewish_Museum_of_Maryland=Jewish Museum of Maryland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harvard_Art_Museums=Harvard Art Museums
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brauer_Museum_of_Art=Brauer Museum of Art
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Museum_of_Korea=National Museum of Korea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dallas_Contemporary=The Dallas Contemporary
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amsterdam_Museum=Amsterdam Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Great_North_Museum:_Hancock=Great North Museum: Hancock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PAF_Museum,_Karachi=PAF Museum, Karachi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Galleria_Nazionale_d'Arte_Moderna=Galleria Nazionale d'Arte Moderna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don_Harrington_Discovery_Center=Don Harrington Discovery Center
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Living_Torah_Museum=Living Torah Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sanskar_Kendra=Sanskar Kendra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harness_Racing_Museum_&_Hall_of_Fame=Harness Racing Museum & Hall of Fame
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taiping_Heavenly_Kingdom_History_Museum=Taiping Heavenly Kingdom History Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Museum_of_Fine_Arts_(St._Petersburg,_Florida)=Museum of Fine Arts (St. Petersburg, Florida)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fleet_Air_Arm_Museum=Fleet Air Arm Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Discovery_Cube_Orange_County=Discovery Cube Orange County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Museum_of_American_Finance=Museum of American Finance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kansas_Sports_Hall_of_Fame=Kansas Sports Hall of Fame
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Everson_Museum_of_Art=Everson Museum of Art
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Military_Museums=The Military Museums
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sir_Thomas_Brisbane_Planetarium=Sir Thomas Brisbane Planetarium
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pendine_Museum_of_Speed=Pendine Museum of Speed
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Old_Rhinebeck_Aerodrome=Old Rhinebeck Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Claude_Moore_Colonial_Farm=Claude Moore Colonial Farm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sydney_Jewish_Museum=Sydney Jewish Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hershey_Story=The Hershey Story
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Art_Gallery_of_Western_Australia=Art Gallery of Western Australia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Museum_of_Brisbane=Museum of Brisbane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dalnavert=Dalnavert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Maritime_Museum_of_Ireland=National Maritime Museum of Ireland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Columbia_Museum_of_Art=Columbia Museum of Art
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eckley_Miners'_Village=Eckley Miners' Village
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jewish_Heritage_Centre,_Winnipeg=Jewish Heritage Centre, Winnipeg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Valkhof_museum=Valkhof museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Palm_Springs_Art_Museum=Palm Springs Art Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gibbes_Museum_of_Art=Gibbes Museum of Art
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guinness_Storehouse=Guinness Storehouse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Archaeological_Museum_of_Spain=National Archaeological Museum of Spain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Museum_of_Health_Care=Museum of Health Care
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RAF_Millom_Museum=RAF Millom Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Queensland_Gallery_of_Modern_Art=Queensland Gallery of Modern Art
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Museum_of_the_Great_Patriotic_War,_Moscow=Museum of the Great Patriotic War, Moscow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fowler_Museum_at_UCLA=Fowler Museum at UCLA
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Darlington_Railway_Centre_and_Museum=Darlington Railway Centre and Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Winnipeg_Railway_Museum=Winnipeg Railway Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NEMO_(museum)=NEMO (museum)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meadows_Museum=Meadows Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/International_Museum_of_Horology=International Museum of Horology
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Calico_Museum_of_Textiles=Calico Museum of Textiles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fort_Smith_Trolley_Museum=Fort Smith Trolley Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Capital_Trolley_Museum=National Capital Trolley Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Skowhegan_School_of_Art=The Skowhegan School of Art
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canadian_Children's_Museum=Canadian Children's Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Museum_of_Comic_and_Cartoon_Art=Museum of Comic and Cartoon Art
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dorman_Museum=Dorman Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Captain_Cook_Birthplace_Museum=Captain Cook Birthplace Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Green_Howards_Regimental_Museum=Green Howards Regimental Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Museum_of_Art_Fort_Lauderdale=Museum of Art Fort Lauderdale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Museum_of_Islamic_Art,_Doha=Museum of Islamic Art, Doha
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hermitage_Amsterdam=Hermitage Amsterdam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Otago_Museum=Otago Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gasworks_Gallery=Gasworks Gallery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Royal_Australian_Navy_Heritage_Centre=Royal Australian Navy Heritage Centre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wild_Center=Wild Center
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ca'_Pesaro=Ca' Pesaro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Film_and_Sound_Archive=National Film and Sound Archive
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Museum_of_Nepal=National Museum of Nepal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Edison_House=Thomas Edison House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Naughton_Gallery_at_Queen's=Naughton Gallery at Queen's
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Museo_Poldi_Pezzoli=Museo Poldi Pezzoli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/South_Dakota_Air_and_Space_Museum=South Dakota Air and Space Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cornish_Colony_Museum=Cornish Colony Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/McManus_Galleries=McManus Galleries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kyoto_Municipal_Museum_of_Art=Kyoto Municipal Museum of Art
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Discovery_Museum=Discovery Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Museum_Folkwang=Museum Folkwang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tropenmuseum=Tropenmuseum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Herbert_Art_Gallery_and_Museum=Herbert Art Gallery and Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Museum_of_Contemporary_Art_Cleveland=Museum of Contemporary Art Cleveland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Naval_Undersea_Museum=Naval Undersea Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mimara_Museum=Mimara Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chrudim_Regional_Museum=Chrudim Regional Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mel_Fisher_Maritime_Heritage_Museum=Mel Fisher Maritime Heritage Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Istanbul_Aviation_Museum=Istanbul Aviation Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hunt-Morgan_House=Hunt-Morgan House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yeshiva_University_Museum=Yeshiva University Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brest_Railway_Museum=Brest Railway Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hungarian_National_Gallery=Hungarian National Gallery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Museum_of_Asian_Art=Museum of Asian Art
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hill_Aerospace_Museum=Hill Aerospace Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peterborough_Museum_&_Archives=Peterborough Museum & Archives
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jewish_Museum_of_Australia=Jewish Museum of Australia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yanks_Air_Museum=Yanks Air Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Etruscan_Museum=National Etruscan Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Armenian_College_(Kolkata)=Armenian College (Kolkata)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Museum_of_the_Earth=Museum of the Earth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hout_Bay_Museum=Hout Bay Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lowell_D._Holmes_Museum_of_Anthropology=Lowell D. Holmes Museum of Anthropology
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Textile_Museum_of_Canada=Textile Museum of Canada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/McGregor_Museum=McGregor Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CP_Nel_Museum=CP Nel Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Museo_del_Concorde=Museo del Concorde
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Art_Pavilion_in_Zagreb=Art Pavilion in Zagreb
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shania_Twain_Centre=Shania Twain Centre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Firearms_Museum=National Firearms Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aga_Khan_Museum=Aga Khan Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Empire_State_Railway_Museum=Empire State Railway Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_World_War_I_Museum=National World War I Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harley-Davidson_Museum=Harley-Davidson Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sunken_Secrets=Sunken Secrets
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tsitsernakaberd=Tsitsernakaberd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patuxent_River_Naval_Air_Museum=Patuxent River Naval Air Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alberta_Aviation_Museum=Alberta Aviation Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Istanbul_Zoology_Museum=Istanbul Zoology Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Museum_of_Contemporary_Art,_North_Miami=Museum of Contemporary Art, North Miami
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stathatos_Mansion=Stathatos Mansion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canmore_Museum_and_Geoscience_Centre=Canmore Museum and Geoscience Centre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Florence_Air_&_Missile_Museum=Florence Air & Missile Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Poble_Espanyol=Poble Espanyol
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Orleans_Museum_of_Art=New Orleans Museum of Art
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Christmas_Story_House=A Christmas Story House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Southern_Alberta_Art_Gallery=Southern Alberta Art Gallery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thanksgiving_Point=Thanksgiving Point
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zeppelin_Museum_Friedrichshafen=Zeppelin Museum Friedrichshafen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Museum_of_Modern_Art,_Antwerp=Museum of Modern Art, Antwerp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Queen_Victoria_Museum_and_Art_Gallery=Queen Victoria Museum and Art Gallery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tasmanian_Museum_and_Art_Gallery=Tasmanian Museum and Art Gallery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maritime_Museum_of_Tasmania=Maritime Museum of Tasmania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Railway_Museum,_Port_Adelaide=National Railway Museum, Port Adelaide
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Folk_Lore_Museum_Mysore=Folk Lore Museum Mysore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sarawak_State_Museum=Sarawak State Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Art_Gallery_of_Burlington=Art Gallery of Burlington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flint_Children's_Museum=Flint Children's Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anne_Frank_House=Anne Frank House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edo-Tokyo_Museum=Edo-Tokyo Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zieglei_Lage=Zieglei Lage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_National_Art_Center,_Tokyo=The National Art Center, Tokyo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeoldu-san=Jeoldu-san
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Menkemaborg=Menkemaborg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Allard_Pierson_Museum=Allard Pierson Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iziko_South_African_Museum=Iziko South African Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/San_Diego_Model_Railroad_Museum=San Diego Model Railroad Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mendel_Art_Gallery=Mendel Art Gallery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Glass_Centre=National Glass Centre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Museum_of_Contemporary_Art_Jacksonville=Museum of Contemporary Art Jacksonville
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fort_Richelieu=Fort Richelieu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Donegal_County_Museum=Donegal County Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lok_Virsa_Museum=Lok Virsa Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/South_Florida_Museum=South Florida Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bundeswehr_Military_History_Museum=Bundeswehr Military History Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Teddy_Bear_Museum_of_Naples=Teddy Bear Museum of Naples
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Hougue_Bie=La Hougue Bie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pittsburgh_Center_for_the_Arts=Pittsburgh Center for the Arts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Artpace=Artpace
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aviation_Museum_of_Central_Finland=Aviation Museum of Central Finland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hallinportti_Aviation_Museum=Hallinportti Aviation Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Valley_Heights_Locomotive_Depot_Heritage_Museum=Valley Heights Locomotive Depot Heritage Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Children's_Museum_of_Los_Angeles=Children's Museum of Los Angeles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moscow_Paleontological_Museum=Moscow Paleontological Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AutoWorld_(museum)=AutoWorld (museum)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fort_Pitt_Museum=Fort Pitt Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flood_Gallery_Fine_Arts_Center=Flood Gallery Fine Arts Center
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marian_Koshland_Science_Museum=Marian Koshland Science Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Museum_of_Military_History_(Luxembourg)=National Museum of Military History (Luxembourg)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maritime_Museum_(Stockholm)=Maritime Museum (Stockholm)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/War_Remnants_Museum=War Remnants Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Art_in_Perpetuity_Trust=Art in Perpetuity Trust
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frost_Art_Museum=Frost Art Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zentrum_Paul_Klee=Zentrum Paul Klee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Surgeons'_Hall=Surgeons' Hall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_C._Freeman_Weather_Museum=John C. Freeman Weather Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Musical_Instrument_Museum_(Brussels)=Musical Instrument Museum (Brussels)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_Carolina_Museum_of_History=North Carolina Museum of History
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tokyo_Metropolitan_Teien_Art_Museum=Tokyo Metropolitan Teien Art Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ramsgate_Maritime_Museum=Ramsgate Maritime Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hiroshima_Children's_Museum=Hiroshima Children's Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kuching_Cat_Museum=Kuching Cat Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/San_Dieguito_Heritage_Museum=San Dieguito Heritage Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Museum_of_Aviation_(Warner_Robins)=Museum of Aviation (Warner Robins)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Museu_Militar_do_Porto=Museu Militar do Porto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Washington_County_Museum=Washington County Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diamond_Museum_Amsterdam=Diamond Museum Amsterdam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Perc_Tucker_Regional_Gallery=Perc Tucker Regional Gallery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Whitehall_(Sutton)=Whitehall (Sutton)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jewish_Museum_of_Florida=Jewish Museum of Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albany_Institute_of_History_&_Art=Albany Institute of History & Art
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Independence_Seaport_Museum=Independence Seaport Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antalya_Museum=Antalya Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Museum_of_the_Albemarle=Museum of the Albemarle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Playland-Not-At-The-Beach=Playland-Not-At-The-Beach
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Veterans_Art_Museum=National Veterans Art Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cosmodome=Cosmodome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_British_Postal_Museum_&_Archive=The British Postal Museum & Archive
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silver_River_Museum=Silver River Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Museum_of_Ethiopia=National Museum of Ethiopia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shanghai_Urban_Planning_Exhibition_Center=Shanghai Urban Planning Exhibition Center
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heinz_History_Center=Heinz History Center
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Museum_of_Fine_Arts,_Malta=National Museum of Fine Arts, Malta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Malta_Maritime_Museum=Malta Maritime Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pallant_House_Gallery=Pallant House Gallery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Key_West_Heritage_House_Museum_and_Robert_Frost_Cottage=Key West Heritage House Museum and Robert Frost Cottage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Augustine_Pirate_&_Treasure_Museum=St. Augustine Pirate & Treasure Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Museum_of_Bhutan=National Museum of Bhutan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sedgwick_Museum_of_Earth_Sciences=Sedgwick Museum of Earth Sciences
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mint_Museum=Mint Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Classical_Music_Hall_of_Fame_and_Museum=American Classical Music Hall of Fame and Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Solar_Ark=Solar Ark
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ujjayanta_Palace=Ujjayanta Palace
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Disco:_A_Decade_of_Saturday_Nights=Disco: A Decade of Saturday Nights
http://dbpedia.org/resource/California_State_Military_Museum=California State Military Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wally_Parks_NHRA_Motorsports_Museum=Wally Parks NHRA Motorsports Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Words_&_Pictures_Museum=Words & Pictures Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bell_Museum_of_Natural_History=Bell Museum of Natural History
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lebanese_Heritage_Museum=Lebanese Heritage Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dutch_Navy_Museum=Dutch Navy Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taxila_Museum=Taxila Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_University_Museum=American University Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Contemporary_Jewish_Museum=Contemporary Jewish Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barnet_Museum=Barnet Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arts_Club_of_Chicago=Arts Club of Chicago
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Museum_of_Applied_Arts_(Belgrade)=Museum of Applied Arts (Belgrade)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orlando_Science_Center=Orlando Science Center
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heritage_Square_Museum=Heritage Square Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Museo_Nacional_de_Ciencias_Naturales=Museo Nacional de Ciencias Naturales
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Estonian_History_Museum=Estonian History Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Museum_of_Country_Life=Museum of Country Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Natural_History_Museum_of_Helsinki=Natural History Museum of Helsinki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barnum_House=Barnum House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kunsthal=Kunsthal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raahe_Museum=Raahe Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sainte_Marie_among_the_Iroquois=Sainte Marie among the Iroquois
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cummer_Museum_of_Art_and_Gardens=Cummer Museum of Art and Gardens
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Erawan_Museum=Erawan Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/HistoryMiami=HistoryMiami
http://dbpedia.org/resource/York_Castle_Museum=York Castle Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coptic_Museum=Coptic Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Museo_Teatrale_alla_Scala=Museo Teatrale alla Scala
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kvindemuseet=Kvindemuseet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rural_Architecture_Museum_of_Sanok=Rural Architecture Museum of Sanok
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tallahassee_Museum=Tallahassee Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/McAuliffe-Shepard_Discovery_Center=McAuliffe-Shepard Discovery Center
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wirral_Transport_Museum=Wirral Transport Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Finnish_Aviation_Museum=Finnish Aviation Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cape_Town_Science_Centre=Cape Town Science Centre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/District_Six_Museum=District Six Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/South_Side_Community_Art_Center=South Side Community Art Center
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shipley_Art_Gallery=Shipley Art Gallery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Montgomery_Museum_of_Fine_Arts=Montgomery Museum of Fine Arts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elliott_Museum=Elliott Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Israel_National_Museum_of_Science,_Technology,_and_Space=Israel National Museum of Science, Technology, and Space
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Museum_of_the_Philippines=National Museum of the Philippines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blue_Sky_Gallery=Blue Sky Gallery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_History_Museum_at_the_Castle=The History Museum at the Castle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Western_Australian_Rail_Transport_Museum=Western Australian Rail Transport Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Museum_of_American_Jewish_History=National Museum of American Jewish History
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Museo_della_Scienza_e_della_Tecnologia_%22Leonardo_da_Vinci%22=Museo della Scienza e della Tecnologia "Leonardo da Vinci"
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chilean_National_Museum_of_Fine_Arts=Chilean National Museum of Fine Arts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clark_County_Heritage_Center=Clark County Heritage Center
http://dbpedia.org/resource/York_Art_Gallery=York Art Gallery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buffalo_Bill_Museum=Buffalo Bill Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spanish_Military_Hospital_Museum=Spanish Military Hospital Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Great_Plains_Transportation_Museum=Great Plains Transportation Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Sports_Museum=National Sports Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Foosaner_Art_Museum=Foosaner Art Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liberty_Bell_Memorial_Museum=Liberty Bell Memorial Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Valiant_Air_Command_Warbird_Museum=Valiant Air Command Warbird Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_Brevard_Historical_Museum=North Brevard Historical Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indian_River_Citrus_Museum=Indian River Citrus Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sebastian_Fishing_Museum=Sebastian Fishing Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/McLarty_Treasure_Museum=McLarty Treasure Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lied_Discovery_Children's_Museum=Lied Discovery Children's Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mel_Fisher's_Treasure_Museum=Mel Fisher's Treasure Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Navy_UDT-SEAL_Museum=National Navy UDT-SEAL Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Lucie_County_Regional_History_Center=St. Lucie County Regional History Center
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Netherlands_Architecture_Institute=Netherlands Architecture Institute
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blake_Museum=Blake Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lambretta_Scooter_Museum=Lambretta Scooter Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vero_Beach_Museum_of_Art=Vero Beach Museum of Art
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sarasota_Classic_Car_Museum=Sarasota Classic Car Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Natural_History_Museum_Rotterdam=Natural History Museum Rotterdam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Military_Heritage_&_Aviation_Museum=Military Heritage & Aviation Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blackburn_Museum_and_Art_Gallery=Blackburn Museum and Art Gallery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_West_Museum_of_Road_Transport=North West Museum of Road Transport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Auburn_Cord_Duesenberg_Automobile_Museum=Auburn Cord Duesenberg Automobile Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orlando_Museum_of_Art=Orlando Museum of Art
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amelia_Island_Museum_of_History=Amelia Island Museum of History
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fashion_Institute_of_Design_&_Merchandising_Museum=Fashion Institute of Design & Merchandising Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Naples_Museum_of_Art=Naples Museum of Art
http://dbpedia.org/resource/South_Florida_Science_Center_and_Aquarium=South Florida Science Center and Aquarium
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Museum_of_Florida_History=Museum of Florida History
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Northern_Ostrobothnia_museum=Northern Ostrobothnia museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stuart_Heritage_Museum=Stuart Heritage Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maritime_&_Yachting_Museum=Maritime & Yachting Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Historic_Rossetter_House_Museum=Historic Rossetter House Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gulf_Coast_Museum_of_Art=Gulf Coast Museum of Art
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SantralIstanbul=SantralIstanbul
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mary_Brogan_Museum_of_Art_and_Science=The Mary Brogan Museum of Art and Science
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Polk_County_Historical_Museum_(Florida)=Polk County Historical Museum (Florida)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Halifax_Historical_Museum=Halifax Historical Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Herreshoff_Marine_Museum=Herreshoff Marine Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Makah_Museum=Makah Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Museum_of_Sudan=National Museum of Sudan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Galt_Historic_Railway_Park=Galt Historic Railway Park
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orange_County_Regional_History_Center=Orange County Regional History Center
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Museum_of_Science_and_History=Museum of Science and History
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Key_West_Shipwreck_Museum=Key West Shipwreck Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maison_Saint-Gabriel=Maison Saint-Gabriel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hill_Palace,_Tripunithura=Hill Palace, Tripunithura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AP_State_Archaeology_Museum=AP State Archaeology Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tandanya_National_Aboriginal_Cultural_Institute=Tandanya National Aboriginal Cultural Institute
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kyoto_International_Manga_Museum=Kyoto International Manga Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Sculpture_Museum_(Valladolid)=National Sculpture Museum (Valladolid)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ypsilanti_Automotive_Heritage_Museum=Ypsilanti Automotive Heritage Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moundville_Archaeological_Museum=Moundville Archaeological Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beijing_Planning_Exhibition_Hall=Beijing Planning Exhibition Hall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matisse_Museum_(Le_Cateau)=Matisse Museum (Le Cateau)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Museum_of_Antioquia=Museum of Antioquia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Perak_State_Museum=Perak State Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Museum_of_Vietnamese_History=National Museum of Vietnamese History
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Museum_of_Vietnamese_History=Museum of Vietnamese History
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arkansas_Railroad_Museum=Arkansas Railroad Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Museum_of_Communism,_Czech_Republic=Museum of Communism, Czech Republic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Racine_Art_Museum=Racine Art Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Holland_Museum=Holland Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Old_Cowtown_Museum=Old Cowtown Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Setagaya_Art_Museum=Setagaya Art Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Museum_of_the_Imperial_Collections=Museum of the Imperial Collections
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Australian_Railway_Historical_Society_Museum=Australian Railway Historical Society Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Museum_and_Art_Gallery_of_the_Northern_Territory=Museum and Art Gallery of the Northern Territory
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sarnath_Museum=Sarnath Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Folk_Art_Center=Folk Art Center
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cinquantenaire_Museum=Cinquantenaire Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Durham_University_Oriental_Museum=Durham University Oriental Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Warsaw_Railway_Museum=Warsaw Railway Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doual'art=Doual'art
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ethnological_Museum_of_Berlin=Ethnological Museum of Berlin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mokotakan=Mokotakan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Art_Museum_of_Azerbaijan=National Art Museum of Azerbaijan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Piscine_Museum=La Piscine Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Science_and_Technology_Museum=National Science and Technology Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ahmed_Shawki_Museum=Ahmed Shawki Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Egyptian_Geological_Museum=Egyptian Geological Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Umm_Kulthum_Museum=Umm Kulthum Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taha_Hussein_Museum=Taha Hussein Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Museum_of_Japanese_History=National Museum of Japanese History
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NYK_Maritime_Museum=NYK Maritime Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Abraham_Park_Kenneth_Vine_Collection=The Abraham Park Kenneth Vine Collection
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bukchon_Art_Museum=Bukchon Art Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chiwoo_Craft_Museum=Chiwoo Craft Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gahoe_Museum=Gahoe Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bank_of_Korea_Museum=Bank of Korea Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chojun_Textile_&_Quilt_Art_Museum=Chojun Textile & Quilt Art Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Han_Sang_Soo_Embroidery_Museum=Han Sang Soo Embroidery Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Horim_Museum=Horim Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Global_Village_Folk_Museum=Global Village Folk Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ilmin_Museum_of_Art=Ilmin Museum of Art
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Presseum=Presseum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Savina_Museum=Savina Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seoul_Education_Museum=Seoul Education Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sungkok_Art_Museum=Sungkok Art Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tteok_&_Kitchen_Utensil_Museum=Tteok & Kitchen Utensil Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seoul_Museum_of_History=Seoul Museum of History
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Onggi_Folk_Museum=Onggi Folk Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Whanki_Museum=Whanki Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Total_Museum_of_Contemporary_Art=Total Museum of Contemporary Art
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Palace_Museum_of_Korea=National Palace Museum of Korea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amos_Anderson_Art_Museum=Amos Anderson Art Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_of_Children's_Museums=Association of Children's Museums
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Museum_of_Magic=American Museum of Magic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Owsley_Museum_of_Art_Ball_State_University=David Owsley Museum of Art Ball State University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wellcome_Collection=Wellcome Collection
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Upcountry_History_Museum=Upcountry History Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Darwin_Military_Museum=Darwin Military Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ABA_Museum_of_Law=ABA Museum of Law
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beebe_Ranch=Beebe Ranch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Museum_of_the_Americas_(Madrid)=Museum of the Americas (Madrid)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nairobi_Railway_Museum=Nairobi Railway Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Archaeological_Museum_of_Delos=Archaeological Museum of Delos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Distomo_Archaeological_Collection=Distomo Archaeological Collection
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Archaeological_Museum_of_Epidaurus=Archaeological Museum of Epidaurus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Archaeological_Museum_of_Eretria=Archaeological Museum of Eretria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rakkojae=Rakkojae
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canada_Science_and_Technology_Museum=Canada Science and Technology Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Styrian_Armoury=Styrian Armoury
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ben_Uri_Gallery=Ben Uri Gallery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Military_Sea_Services_Museum=Military Sea Services Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Livingstone_Museum=Livingstone Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Railway_Museum_(Livingstone,_Zambia)=Railway Museum (Livingstone, Zambia)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bardo_National_Museum=Bardo National Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kirkaldy_Testing_Museum=Kirkaldy Testing Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mitchell_House_(Thomasville,_North_Carolina)=Mitchell House (Thomasville, North Carolina)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Bonsai_Foundation=National Bonsai Foundation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Neanderthal_Museum=Neanderthal Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jordan_Archaeological_Museum=Jordan Archaeological Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Museum,_Szczecin=National Museum, Szczecin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liaoning_Provincial_Museum=Liaoning Provincial Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Art_Museum_of_China=National Art Museum of China
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dallas_Holocaust_Museum/Center_for_Education_&_Tolerance=Dallas Holocaust Museum/Center for Education & Tolerance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Art_Museum_of_the_Americas=Art Museum of the Americas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cobra_Museum=Cobra Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raman_Science_Centre=Raman Science Centre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jostedalsbreen_nasjonalparksenter=Jostedalsbreen nasjonalparksenter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Duluth_Depot=Duluth Depot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monmouth_Museum=Monmouth Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tiled_Kiosk=Tiled Kiosk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gitwangak_Battle_Hill_National_Historic_Site=Gitwangak Battle Hill National Historic Site
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trabzon_Museum=Trabzon Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SpectrUM_Discovery_Area=SpectrUM Discovery Area
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grout_Museum=Grout Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Estonian_Open_Air_Museum=Estonian Open Air Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Museum_of_Crime_&_Punishment=National Museum of Crime & Punishment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Balay_Negrense=Balay Negrense
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Casa_do_Infante=Casa do Infante
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bologna_Museum_of_Modern_Art=Bologna Museum of Modern Art
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Potter's_Wax_Museum=Potter's Wax Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Connecticut_Historical_Society=Connecticut Historical Society
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mansfield_Art_Center=Mansfield Art Center
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chasing_Rainbows_Museum=Chasing Rainbows Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tate_Britain=Tate Britain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mandela_House=Mandela House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Right_Honourable_John_G._Diefenbaker_Centre_for_the_Study_of_Canada=The Right Honourable John G. Diefenbaker Centre for the Study of Canada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greyhound_Bus_Museum=Greyhound Bus Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carmarthenshire_County_Museum=Carmarthenshire County Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Royal_Museum_of_the_Armed_Forces_and_Military_History=Royal Museum of the Armed Forces and Military History
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Slovenian_Railway_Museum=Slovenian Railway Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Independence_Museum=American Independence Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Museum_of_Catholic_Art_and_History=National Museum of Catholic Art and History
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Getty_Center=Getty Center
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lane_Motor_Museum=Lane Motor Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Cartoon_Museum=National Cartoon Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carnegie_Art_Museum_(Oxnard,_California)=Carnegie Art Museum (Oxnard, California)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Museum_of_Inuit_Art=Museum of Inuit Art
http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_Berkshire_Museum=West Berkshire Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Air_Force_Museum_of_Canada=National Air Force Museum of Canada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nevada_State_Museum,_Las_Vegas=Nevada State Museum, Las Vegas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Derfner_Judaica_Museum=Derfner Judaica Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reflections_at_Bukit_Chandu=Reflections at Bukit Chandu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Byron_Area_Historic_Museum=Byron Area Historic Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Galileo_Galilei_planetarium=Galileo Galilei planetarium
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Admiral_Digby_Museum=Admiral Digby Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dolan_DNA_Learning_Center=Dolan DNA Learning Center
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Museo_de_la_Naturaleza_y_el_Hombre=Museo de la Naturaleza y el Hombre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Streetlife_Museum_of_Transport=Streetlife Museum of Transport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Prehistoric_Man_Museum=The Prehistoric Man Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Museo_de_las_Casas_Reales=Museo de las Casas Reales
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albany_Museum,_South_Africa=Albany Museum, South Africa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Victoria_Memorial_(India)=Victoria Memorial (India)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Perot_Museum_of_Nature_and_Science=Perot Museum of Nature and Science
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Estonian_Maritime_Museum=Estonian Maritime Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Western_Antique_Aeroplane_&_Automobile_Museum=Western Antique Aeroplane & Automobile Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maritime_&_Seafood_Industry_Museum=Maritime & Seafood Industry Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stafford_Gallery=Stafford Gallery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pazardzhik_History_Museum=Pazardzhik History Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prince_of_Wales_Northern_Heritage_Centre=Prince of Wales Northern Heritage Centre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Costa_Rican_Center_of_Science_and_Culture=Costa Rican Center of Science and Culture
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Armagh_County_Museum=Armagh County Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Artillery_Museum_of_Finland=The Artillery Museum of Finland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bailiffgate_Museum=Bailiffgate Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chuvash_National_Museum=Chuvash National Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Latvian_Museum=Latvian Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Neka_Art_Museum=Neka Art Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jakarta_History_Museum=Jakarta History Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/El_Djem_Archaeological_Museum=El Djem Archaeological Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gafsa_Archaeological_Museum=Gafsa Archaeological Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kerkouane_Archaeological_Museum=Kerkouane Archaeological Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lamta_Archaeological_Museum=Lamta Archaeological Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Salakta_Archaeological_Museum=Salakta Archaeological Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sousse_Archaeological_Museum=Sousse Archaeological Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sfax_Archaeological_Museum=Sfax Archaeological Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carthage_Paleo-Christian_Museum=Carthage Paleo-Christian Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bulla_Regia_Museum=Bulla Regia Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chemtou_Museum=Chemtou Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Galley_Museum=Galley Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Federation_of_Arts=American Federation of Arts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bait_al_Zubair=Bait al Zubair
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prague_Aviation_Museum,_Kbely=Prague Aviation Museum, Kbely
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georgia_Music_Hall_of_Fame=Georgia Music Hall of Fame
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Immigration_Museum,_Melbourne=Immigration Museum, Melbourne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Medelhavsmuseet=Medelhavsmuseet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gold_Coast_Railroad_Museum=Gold Coast Railroad Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Winter_Palace_of_the_Bogd_Khan=Winter Palace of the Bogd Khan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Booth_Museum_of_Natural_History=Booth Museum of Natural History
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Museum_of_Saudi_Arabia=National Museum of Saudi Arabia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ameen_Rihani_Museum=Ameen Rihani Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gibran_Museum=Gibran Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nelson_Mandela_Metropolitan_Art_Museum=Nelson Mandela Metropolitan Art Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pretoria_Art_Museum=Pretoria Art Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madame_Tussauds_London=Madame Tussauds London
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nizami_Museum_of_Azerbaijani_Literature=Nizami Museum of Azerbaijani Literature
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Koshare_Indian_Museum=Koshare Indian Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bernardino_Rivadavia_Natural_Sciences_Museum=Bernardino Rivadavia Natural Sciences Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Museum_of_Decorative_Arts,_Buenos_Aires=National Museum of Decorative Arts, Buenos Aires
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Delaware_Historical_Society=Delaware Historical Society
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Center_for_Civil_and_Human_Rights=National Center for Civil and Human Rights
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stamford_Museum=Stamford Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glyptotheque_(Zagreb)=Glyptotheque (Zagreb)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Museum_of_Archaeology,_Malta=National Museum of Archaeology, Malta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BELvue_Museum=BELvue Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jewish_Museum_in_Prague=Jewish Museum in Prague
http://dbpedia.org/resource/POLIN_Museum_of_the_History_of_Polish_Jews=POLIN Museum of the History of Polish Jews
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jekyll_Island_Museum=Jekyll Island Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RMIT_Gallery=RMIT Gallery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacksonville_Maritime_Museum=Jacksonville Maritime Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coos_County_Logging_Museum=Coos County Logging Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pensacola_Museum_of_Art=Pensacola Museum of Art
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Station_Museum_of_Contemporary_Art=Station Museum of Contemporary Art
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edmonton_Radial_Railway_Society=Edmonton Radial Railway Society
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Belarusian_Nature_and_Environment_Museum=Belarusian Nature and Environment Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Southeastern_Railway_Museum=Southeastern Railway Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Centre_for_Computing_History=The Centre for Computing History
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pontypool_Museum=Pontypool Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grand_Rapids_Art_Museum=Grand Rapids Art Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dadiani_Palace=Dadiani Palace
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aberystwyth_University_Ceramics_Collection=Aberystwyth University Ceramics Collection
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greenville_County_Museum_of_Art=Greenville County Museum of Art
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Galatasaray_Museum=Galatasaray Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Red_Castle_Museum=Red Castle Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Children's_Museum_of_Memphis=Children's Museum of Memphis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TCDD_Open_Air_Steam_Locomotive_Museum=TCDD Open Air Steam Locomotive Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Exploratorium=Exploratorium
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Whaley_House_(San_Diego,_California)=Whaley House (San Diego, California)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Museum_of_the_United_States_Army=National Museum of the United States Army
http://dbpedia.org/resource/War_of_Independence_Museum=War of Independence Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paterson_Museum=Paterson Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Age_of_Sail_Heritage_Centre=Age of Sail Heritage Centre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/99s_Museum_of_Women_Pilots=99s Museum of Women Pilots
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beethoven_House=Beethoven House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/FC_Barcelona_Museum=FC Barcelona Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Hall_of_Fame_for_Famous_American_Indians=National Hall of Fame for Famous American Indians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eisinga_Planetarium=Eisinga Planetarium
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uganda_Museum=Uganda Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Museo_Nacional_de_Costa_Rica=Museo Nacional de Costa Rica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pre-Columbian_Gold_Museum=Pre-Columbian Gold Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tri-State_Warbird_Museum=Tri-State Warbird Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hash,_Marihuana_&_Hemp_Museum=Hash, Marihuana & Hemp Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bankfield_Museum=Bankfield Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wings_Over_Miami=Wings Over Miami
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Museum_of_Ethnology,_Hamburg=Museum of Ethnology, Hamburg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Verdant_Works=Verdant Works
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jewish_History_Museum_(Tucson)=Jewish History Museum (Tucson)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cabot's_Pueblo_Museum=Cabot's Pueblo Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Montrose_Museum=Montrose Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cumberland_Pencil_Museum=Cumberland Pencil Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Art_and_Culture_Center_of_Hollywood=Art and Culture Center of Hollywood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Umekoji_Steam_Locomotive_Museum=Umekoji Steam Locomotive Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Smithsonian_Museum_Support_Center=Smithsonian Museum Support Center
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coast_Guard_Museum_Northwest=Coast Guard Museum Northwest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Museum_of_Contemporary_Art_of_Rome=Museum of Contemporary Art of Rome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Magritte_Museum=Magritte Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Broadfield_House_Glass_Museum=Broadfield House Glass Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marshall_M._Fredericks_Sculpture_Museum=Marshall M. Fredericks Sculpture Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Foam_Fotografiemuseum_Amsterdam=Foam Fotografiemuseum Amsterdam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/InIVA=InIVA
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scheringa_Museum_of_Realist_Art=Scheringa Museum of Realist Art
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MAXXI=MAXXI
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Minnesota_Discovery_Center=Minnesota Discovery Center
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Railworld=Railworld
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kuwait_National_Museum=Kuwait National Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sadu_House=Sadu House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taganrog_City_Architectural_Development_Museum=Taganrog City Architectural Development Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Presidents_Park_(Virginia)=Presidents Park (Virginia)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/International_Surfing_Museum=International Surfing Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Museum_of_4_July=Museum of 4 July
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ellert_en_Brammert_(museum)=Ellert en Brammert (museum)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Museum_of_the_Image=Museum of the Image
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alberta_Central_Railway_Museum=Alberta Central Railway Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/South_Peace_Centennial_Museum=South Peace Centennial Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/San_Jose_de_Suaita_Cotton_Mill_Museum=San Jose de Suaita Cotton Mill Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ToonSeum=ToonSeum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bechtler_Museum_of_Modern_Art=Bechtler Museum of Modern Art
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mary_Rose_Museum=Mary Rose Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Washington_University_Art_Galleries=George Washington University Art Galleries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aceh_Tsunami_Museum=Aceh Tsunami Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Russian_Cultural_Center=Russian Cultural Center
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stratford_Armouries=Stratford Armouries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Museum_of_Commercial_Aviation=National Museum of Commercial Aviation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tasmanian_Transport_Museum=Tasmanian Transport Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Volta_Regional_Museum=Volta Regional Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Airpower_Museum=American Airpower Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gaziantep_Museum_of_Archaeology=Gaziantep Museum of Archaeology
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Art_Museum_of_Southeast_Texas=Art Museum of Southeast Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abingdon_County_Hall_Museum=Abingdon County Hall Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tampa_Bay_History_Center=Tampa Bay History Center
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Museum_London=Museum London
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Daylight_and_Building_Component_Award=The Daylight and Building Component Award
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Planetario_Luis_Enrique_Erro=Planetario Luis Enrique Erro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aspen_Art_Museum=Aspen Art Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Drents_Museum=Drents Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roswell_Museum_and_Art_Center=Roswell Museum and Art Center
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CWOW_Gallery=CWOW Gallery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Museo_Bellapart=Museo Bellapart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indiana_Aviation_Museum=Indiana Aviation Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Currency_Museum_of_the_Bank_of_Japan=Currency Museum of the Bank of Japan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Puget_Sound_Navy_Museum=Puget Sound Navy Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Museum_of_Contemporary_Art,_Zagreb=Museum of Contemporary Art, Zagreb
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Paul's_Catacombs=St. Paul's Catacombs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maritime_Museum_Rotterdam=Maritime Museum Rotterdam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Naval_Museum_of_Armament_&_Technology=Naval Museum of Armament & Technology
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Museum_of_Natural_History_(Malta)=National Museum of Natural History (Malta)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_War_Museum_(Malta)=National War Museum (Malta)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abbatija_Tad-Dejr=Abbatija Tad-Dejr
http://dbpedia.org/resource/San_Pawl_Milqi=San Pawl Milqi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tal-Mintna_Catacombs=Tal-Mintna Catacombs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Salina_Catacombs=Salina Catacombs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Belgian_Comic_Strip_Center=Belgian Comic Strip Center
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sherwin_Miller_Museum_of_Jewish_Art=Sherwin Miller Museum of Jewish Art
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nature_in_Art=Nature in Art
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Museum_of_Korean_Culture=Museum of Korean Culture
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hungarian_Railway_History_Park=Hungarian Railway History Park
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clockarium=Clockarium
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bhutan_Textile_Museum=Bhutan Textile Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Museum_of_Occupations=Museum of Occupations
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Education_Center_at_The_Wall=The Education Center at The Wall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cardiff_Story=Cardiff Story
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bakersfield_Museum_of_Art=Bakersfield Museum of Art
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Graphic_Arts_Institute_of_Oaxaca=Graphic Arts Institute of Oaxaca
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Museo_Sugbo=Museo Sugbo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Suquamish_Museum=Suquamish Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Musical_Instrument_Museum_(Phoenix)=Musical Instrument Museum (Phoenix)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swope_Art_Museum=Swope Art Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mob_Museum=Mob Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Newport_Sports_Museum=Newport Sports Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Museum_of_American_Jewish_Military_History=National Museum of American Jewish Military History
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chinese_Aviation_Museum=Chinese Aviation Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harbourfront_Centre=Harbourfront Centre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Washington,_D.C._Jewish_Community_Center=Washington, D.C. Jewish Community Center
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zaans_Museum=Zaans Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Museum_of_World_Treasures=Museum of World Treasures
http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_Carolina_State_University_Insect_Museum=North Carolina State University Insect Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bronzeville_Children's_Museum=Bronzeville Children's Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Australian_Army_Artillery_Museum=Australian Army Artillery Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Latin_America_Memorial=Latin America Memorial
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Istanbul_Naval_Museum=Istanbul Naval Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buckingham_Old_Gaol=Buckingham Old Gaol
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tibet_Museum_(Lhasa)=Tibet Museum (Lhasa)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_England_Wireless_and_Steam_Museum=New England Wireless and Steam Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chard_Museum=Chard Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kern_County_Museum=Kern County Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crewkerne_and_District_Museum=Crewkerne and District Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Museum_of_South_Somerset=Museum of South Somerset
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Castle_Cary_and_District_Museum=Castle Cary and District Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Museum_of_Old_and_New_Art=Museum of Old and New Art
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bruton_Museum=Bruton Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ilchester_Museum=Ilchester Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Porlock_Museum=Porlock Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coca-Cola_Museum=Coca-Cola Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wincanton_Museum=Wincanton Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bishops_Lydeard_Mill_and_Rural_Life_Museum=Bishops Lydeard Mill and Rural Life Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tolson_Museum=Tolson Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arundel_Museum=Arundel Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arthur_Child_Heritage_Museum_of_the_1000_Islands=Arthur Child Heritage Museum of the 1000 Islands
http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_Alabama_Railroad_Museum=North Alabama Railroad Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canberra_Railway_Museum=Canberra Railway Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Misis_Mosaic_Museum=Misis Mosaic Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Havering_Museum=Havering Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fairplex_railway_exhibit=Fairplex railway exhibit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Somerset_Cricket_Museum=Somerset Cricket Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hawthorne_Ordnance_Museum=Hawthorne Ordnance Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mineral_County_Museum_(Nevada)=Mineral County Museum (Nevada)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cyprus_Police_Museum=Cyprus Police Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vorarlberg_museum=Vorarlberg museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Government_Museum,_Mathura=Government Museum, Mathura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mille_Lacs_Indian_Museum=Mille Lacs Indian Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Museum_of_Ontario_Archaeology=Museum of Ontario Archaeology
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hunter_Valley_Railway_Trust=Hunter Valley Railway Trust
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scarborough_Fair_Collection=Scarborough Fair Collection
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Backus-Page_House_Museum=Backus-Page House Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steamtown,_U.S.A.=Steamtown, U.S.A.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Belarusian_State_Academy_of_Arts=Belarusian State Academy of Arts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tilly_Foster_Farm_Museum=Tilly Foster Farm Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/German_Ivory_Museum_Erbach=German Ivory Museum Erbach
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tuckerton_Seaport=Tuckerton Seaport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/3D_Center_of_Art_and_Photography=3D Center of Art and Photography
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dresden_City_Museum=Dresden City Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bach_House_(Eisenach)=Bach House (Eisenach)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Virginia_Air_and_Space_Center=Virginia Air and Space Center
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fortaleza_San_Felipe=Fortaleza San Felipe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fortaleza_San_Luis=Fortaleza San Luis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Japanese_American_Museum_of_San_Jose=Japanese American Museum of San Jose
http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_of_England_Lead_Mining_Museum=North of England Lead Mining Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Museum_of_Modern_Art,_Warsaw=Museum of Modern Art, Warsaw
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wawel_Royal_Castle_National_Art_Collection=Wawel Royal Castle National Art Collection
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Forest_History_Center=Forest History Center
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Piedmont_Arts_Association=Piedmont Arts Association
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Criminals_Hall_of_Fame=Criminals Hall of Fame
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shusha_Museum_of_History=Shusha Museum of History
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Museum_of_Apollonia=Museum of Apollonia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chemung_County_Historical_Society=Chemung County Historical Society
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Children's_Museum_of_Denver=Children's Museum of Denver
http://dbpedia.org/resource/British_Lawnmower_Museum=British Lawnmower Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Contemporary_Museum_Baltimore=Contemporary Museum Baltimore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eli_and_Edythe_Broad_Art_Museum=Eli and Edythe Broad Art Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jurby_Transport_Museum=Jurby Transport Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Galicia_Jewish_Museum=Galicia Jewish Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Azerbaijan_Carpet_Museum=Azerbaijan Carpet Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Franconia_Sculpture_Park=Franconia Sculpture Park
http://dbpedia.org/resource/World_Aquarium=World Aquarium
http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_Carolina_Aviation_Museum=North Carolina Aviation Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/82nd_Airborne_Division_War_Memorial_Museum=82nd Airborne Division War Memorial Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hickory_Aviation_Museum=Hickory Aviation Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Electricity_Museum_(Lisbon)=Electricity Museum (Lisbon)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rensselaer_County_Historical_Society=Rensselaer County Historical Society
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harrisonburg_Children's_Museum=Harrisonburg Children's Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Haworth_Art_Gallery=Haworth Art Gallery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Young_Friends_Society_of_African_Diasporan_Institutions=The Young Friends Society of African Diasporan Institutions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mersin_Museum=Mersin Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Firefly_Estate=Firefly Estate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Showa_Memorial_Museum=National Showa Memorial Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Messner_Mountain_Museum=Messner Mountain Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Globe_Museum=Globe Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blackfoot_Crossing=Blackfoot Crossing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Modern_Gallery,_Zagreb=Modern Gallery, Zagreb
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Texas_Trail_Museum=Texas Trail Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Museum_of_Slavonia=Museum of Slavonia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wings_of_Dreams_Aviation_Museum=Wings of Dreams Aviation Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Museo_Alameda=Museo Alameda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alderney_Society_Museum=Alderney Society Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louwman_Museum=Louwman Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leavenworth_Nutcracker_Museum=Leavenworth Nutcracker Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Kazoo_Museum=The Kazoo Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Museum_of_the_American_Revolution=Museum of the American Revolution
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Historisch_Museum_Haarlem=Historisch Museum Haarlem
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roper_Mountain_Science_Center=Roper Mountain Science Center
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ukraine_State_Aviation_Museum=Ukraine State Aviation Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Columbus_Museum=Columbus Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arizona_State_University_Art_Museum=Arizona State University Art Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vikin_Maritime_Museum=Vikin Maritime Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jim_Crow_Museum_of_Racist_Memorabilia=Jim Crow Museum of Racist Memorabilia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bahawalpur_Museum=Bahawalpur Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sacramento_Valley_Museum=Sacramento Valley Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Museum_of_the_First_National_Congress_of_the_Chinese_Communist_Party=Museum of the First National Congress of the Chinese Communist Party
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bristol_Historical_Society_Museum=Bristol Historical Society Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chen_Clan_Ancestral_Hall=Chen Clan Ancestral Hall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prehistory_Museum_of_Valencia=Prehistory Museum of Valencia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Birla_Science_Museum=Birla Science Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Museum_of_Paleontology_Egidio_Feruglio=Museum of Paleontology Egidio Feruglio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Poetry_Museum=American Poetry Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yakima_Valley_Museum=Yakima Valley Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chabot_Museum=Chabot Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bog_Standard_Gallery=Bog Standard Gallery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strataca=Strataca
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lower_Lake_Schoolhouse_Museum=Lower Lake Schoolhouse Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ephesus_Archaeological_Museum=Ephesus Archaeological Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mennello_Museum_of_American_Art=The Mennello Museum of American Art
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cathedral_Quarter,_Derby=Cathedral Quarter, Derby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angus_Folk_Museum=Angus Folk Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tecuci_Town_Museum=Tecuci Town Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St_John's_House_Museum,_Warwick=St John's House Museum, Warwick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Law_Society_of_Upper_Canada_Archives=Law Society of Upper Canada Archives
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CANDLES_Holocaust_Museum_and_Education_Center=CANDLES Holocaust Museum and Education Center
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Weavers'_Triangle=Weavers' Triangle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Asturias_Gold_Museum=Asturias Gold Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samuel_Johnson_Birthplace_Museum=Samuel Johnson Birthplace Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Princess_Maha_Chakri_Sirindhorn_Natural_History_Museum=Princess Maha Chakri Sirindhorn Natural History Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jewish_Children's_Museum=Jewish Children's Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_and_Mable_Ringling_Museum_of_Art=John and Mable Ringling Museum of Art
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norman_Studios=Norman Studios
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ArtBakery=ArtBakery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Museo_Soumaya=Museo Soumaya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lincoln_Depot_Museum=Lincoln Depot Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zayed_National_Museum=Zayed National Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Islington_Museum=Islington Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Islington_Local_History_Centre=Islington Local History Centre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Garden_State_Discovery_Museum=Garden State Discovery Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Broel_Museum=Broel Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norfolk_and_Suffolk_Aviation_Museum=Norfolk and Suffolk Aviation Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pacific_Coast_Air_Museum=Pacific Coast Air Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jurassic_Museum_of_Asturias=Jurassic Museum of Asturias
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brigham_City_Museum-Gallery=Brigham City Museum-Gallery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Living_Art_Museum=The Living Art Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Museum_of_Macedonia=Museum of Macedonia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buena_Vista_Museum_of_Natural_History=Buena Vista Museum of Natural History
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Migration_Museum,_Adelaide=Migration Museum, Adelaide
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flint_Institute_of_Arts=Flint Institute of Arts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ennigaldi-Nanna's_museum=Ennigaldi-Nanna's museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Qaqortoq_Museum=Qaqortoq Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ferndale_Museum=Ferndale Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Maison_de_la_Magie_Robert-Houdin=La Maison de la Magie Robert-Houdin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Riverside_Museum_at_Blake's_Lock=Riverside Museum at Blake's Lock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Windsor_and_Royal_Borough_Museum=Windsor and Royal Borough Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/LA_Plaza_de_Cultura_y_Artes=LA Plaza de Cultura y Artes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sonoma_Valley_Museum_of_Art=Sonoma Valley Museum of Art
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kutch_Museum=Kutch Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Museum_aan_de_Stroom=Museum aan de Stroom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Classic_Aircraft_Aviation_Museum=Classic Aircraft Aviation Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Technical_Museum,_Zagreb=Technical Museum, Zagreb
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frick_Art_Reference_Library_Photoarchive=Frick Art Reference Library Photoarchive
http://dbpedia.org/resource/German-American_Heritage_Museum_of_the_USA=German-American Heritage Museum of the USA
http://dbpedia.org/resource/US_Southwest_Soaring_Museum=US Southwest Soaring Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/British_Columbia_Aviation_Museum=British Columbia Aviation Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pamunkey_Indian_Tribe_Museum=Pamunkey Indian Tribe Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/METU_Science_and_Technology_Museum=METU Science and Technology Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brampton_Arts_Walk_of_Fame=Brampton Arts Walk of Fame
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Museum_of_Broken_Relationships=Museum of Broken Relationships
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Natural_History_Museum_of_Crete=Natural History Museum of Crete
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ludwik_Zamenhof_Centre=The Ludwik Zamenhof Centre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baku_Museum_of_Modern_Art=Baku Museum of Modern Art
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miles_Historical_Village_and_Museum=Miles Historical Village and Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/J._Wayne_Stark_Galleries=J. Wayne Stark Galleries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kika_Silva_Pla_Planetarium=Kika Silva Pla Planetarium
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Museum_of_Archaeology_(Bolivia)=National Museum of Archaeology (Bolivia)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Children's_Museum_of_Winston-Salem=Children's Museum of Winston-Salem
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Motorcyclepedia=Motorcyclepedia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/East_Jersey_Olde_Towne_Village=East Jersey Olde Towne Village
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hockey_Heritage_North=Hockey Heritage North
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colby_College_Museum_of_Art=Colby College Museum of Art
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paddy_Walker_House=Paddy Walker House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/House_of_Folklore=House of Folklore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rungstedlund=Rungstedlund
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Museum_of_Northern_History=Museum of Northern History
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monarch_Contemporary_Art_Center_and_Sculpture_Park=Monarch Contemporary Art Center and Sculpture Park
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Life_Stories=National Life Stories
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Travis_Air_Force_Base_Heritage_Center=Travis Air Force Base Heritage Center
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Florida_Air_Museum=Florida Air Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Museo_del_Objeto_del_Objeto=Museo del Objeto del Objeto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abby_Aldrich_Rockefeller_Folk_Art_Museum=Abby Aldrich Rockefeller Folk Art Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Appalachian_Trail_Museum=Appalachian Trail Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Izumo_Science_Center=Izumo Science Center
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Padiglione_d'Arte_Contemporanea=Padiglione d'Arte Contemporanea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Islamic_Museum_of_Tripoli=Islamic Museum of Tripoli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Epigraphy_Museum_of_Tripoli=Epigraphy Museum of Tripoli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ethnographic_Museum_of_Tripoli=Ethnographic Museum of Tripoli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Natural_History_Museum_of_Tripoli=Natural History Museum of Tripoli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prehistory_Museum_of_Tripoli=Prehistory Museum of Tripoli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Museum_of_Libya=Museum of Libya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Janzour_Museum=Janzour Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karamanly_House_Museum=Karamanly House Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leptis_Magna_Museum=Leptis Magna Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nalut_Dinosaur_Museum=Nalut Dinosaur Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ghadames_Museum=Ghadames Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Germa_Museum=Germa Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apollonia_Museum=Apollonia Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Museo_del_vino_(Torgiano)=Museo del vino (Torgiano)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Museo_dell'olivo_e_dell'olio=Museo dell'olivo e dell'olio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toyohashi_City_Museum_of_Art_and_History=Toyohashi City Museum of Art and History
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Russian_Center_of_Science_and_Culture_(Belgrade)=Russian Center of Science and Culture (Belgrade)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rosalie_Whyel_Museum_of_Doll_Art=Rosalie Whyel Museum of Doll Art
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hands_On_Children's_Museum=Hands On Children's Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bardo_National_Museum_of_Prehistory_and_Ethnography=Bardo National Museum of Prehistory and Ethnography
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ahmed_Zabana_National_Museum=Ahmed Zabana National Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Museu_Comarcal_de_la_Garrotxa=Museu Comarcal de la Garrotxa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bury_Art_Museum=Bury Art Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DuPont_Museum=DuPont Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Turkansaari=Turkansaari
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Galeyev_Gallery=Galeyev Gallery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Royal_Danish_Naval_Museum=Royal Danish Naval Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Medical_Museion_(Copenhagen)=Medical Museion (Copenhagen)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Johnston_Collection=The Johnston Collection
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Libratory=The Libratory
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baku_Museum_of_Miniature_Books=Baku Museum of Miniature Books
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Museum_of_Communication,_Nuremberg,_Germany=Museum of Communication, Nuremberg, Germany
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walnut_Grove_Pioneer_Village=Walnut Grove Pioneer Village
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arlington_Arts_Center=Arlington Arts Center
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Salsali_Private_Museum=Salsali Private Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_People's_Story_Museum=The People's Story Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meffan_Institute=Meffan Institute
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GLBT_History_Museum_of_Central_Florida=GLBT History Museum of Central Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lauba=Lauba
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Archaeological_Museum_in_Zagreb=Archaeological Museum in Zagreb
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rudolph_Tegner_Museum=Rudolph Tegner Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Casa_de_la_Ciencia_de_Sevilla_-_Science_Museum=La Casa de la Ciencia de Sevilla - Science Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alicante_Museum_of_Contemporary_Art=Alicante Museum of Contemporary Art
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parliament_Museum=Parliament Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rezan_Has_Museum=Rezan Has Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/21er_Haus=21er Haus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richmond_Vale_Railway_Museum=Richmond Vale Railway Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tampa_Bay_Automobile_Museum=Tampa Bay Automobile Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Debel_Gallery=Debel Gallery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Virasat-e-Khalsa=Virasat-e-Khalsa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mon_Repos,_Corfu=Mon Repos, Corfu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gallerie_di_Piazza_Scala=Gallerie di Piazza Scala
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Queensland_Art_Museum=University of Queensland Art Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tartu_Toy_Museum=Tartu Toy Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Royal_Tropical_Institute=Royal Tropical Institute
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Museum_of_Death=Museum of Death
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Central_Texas_Museum_of_Automotive_History=Central Texas Museum of Automotive History
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dick's_Classic_Garage=Dick's Classic Garage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Numantine_Museum_of_Soria=Numantine Museum of Soria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johnstown_Flood_Museum=Johnstown Flood Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Locksmith's_House=Locksmith's House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sanxingdui_Museum=Sanxingdui Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daming_Palace=Daming Palace
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robsart_Art_Works=Robsart Art Works
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Queen's_Royal_Lancers_and_Nottinghamshire_Yeomanry_Museum=The Queen's Royal Lancers and Nottinghamshire Yeomanry Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aston_Manor_Road_Transport_Museum=Aston Manor Road Transport Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/China_National_Film_Museum=China National Film Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bohart_Museum_of_Entomology=Bohart Museum of Entomology
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fusilier_Museum=Fusilier Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kidzu_Children's_Museum=Kidzu Children's Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Legends_of_Harley_Drag_Racing_Museum=Legends of Harley Drag Racing Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inverleith_House=Inverleith House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swords_and_Ploughshares_Museum=Swords and Ploughshares Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martin_Gusinde_Anthropological_Museum=Martin Gusinde Anthropological Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oracabessa_Bay_Fish_Sanctuary=Oracabessa Bay Fish Sanctuary
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fanshawe_Pioneer_Village=Fanshawe Pioneer Village
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dolph_Briscoe_Center_for_American_History=Dolph Briscoe Center for American History
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Royal_Regiment_of_Fusiliers_Museum_(Royal_Warwickshire)=Royal Regiment of Fusiliers Museum (Royal Warwickshire)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nuneaton_Museum_&_Art_Gallery=Nuneaton Museum & Art Gallery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lake_Geneva_Museum=Lake Geneva Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stoomgemaal_Vier_Noorder_Koggen=Stoomgemaal Vier Noorder Koggen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1941_Historical_Aircraft_Group_Museum=1941 Historical Aircraft Group Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Changzhou_Museum=Changzhou Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Museum_of_the_War_of_Chinese_People's_Resistance_Against_Japanese_Aggression=Museum of the War of Chinese People's Resistance Against Japanese Aggression
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Satakunta_Museum=Satakunta Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pori_Art_Museum=Pori Art Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CaixaForum_Barcelona=CaixaForum Barcelona
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Honda_Collection_Hall=Honda Collection Hall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pakistan_Army_Museum=Pakistan Army Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/El_Masnou_Municipal_Nautical_Museum=El Masnou Municipal Nautical Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glenesk_Folk_Museum=Glenesk Folk Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pilke_House=Pilke House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ingram_Collection_of_Modern_British_Art=Ingram Collection of Modern British Art
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Berestye_Archeological_Museum=Berestye Archeological Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/City_Museum,_Hyderabad=City Museum, Hyderabad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/African_American_Museum_of_Iowa=African American Museum of Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Age_of_Steam_Roundhouse=Age of Steam Roundhouse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Museum_of_Diplomatic_Corps=Museum of Diplomatic Corps
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rail_Motor_Society=Rail Motor Society
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Snowy_Scheme_Museum=Snowy Scheme Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walk_of_the_Stars=Walk of the Stars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coventry_History_Centre=Coventry History Centre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arts_Tasmania=Arts Tasmania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Missouri_Intercollegiate_Athletics_Hall_of_Fame=University of Missouri Intercollegiate Athletics Hall of Fame
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jawaharlal_Nehru_Museum,_Itanagar=Jawaharlal Nehru Museum, Itanagar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Agua_Caliente_Cultural_Museum=Agua Caliente Cultural Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AHHAA=AHHAA
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Slovak_Red_Cross_Museum=Slovak Red Cross Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Collings_Foundation=Collings Foundation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Collection_de_l'art_brut=Collection de l'art brut
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pinnacles_Gallery=Pinnacles Gallery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monmouth_Regimental_Museum=Monmouth Regimental Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cedar_Creek_Gallery=Cedar Creek Gallery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Museum_of_the_Treasure_of_St._Gennaro=Museum of the Treasure of St. Gennaro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Regional_Science_Centre,_Bhopal=Regional Science Centre, Bhopal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tenby_Museum_and_Art_Gallery=Tenby Museum and Art Gallery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bologna_Gallery_of_Modern_Art=Bologna Gallery of Modern Art
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Izmir_Archeology_Museum=Izmir Archeology Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Izmir_Ethnography_Museum=Izmir Ethnography Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don_Rhodes_Mining_and_Transport_Museum=Don Rhodes Mining and Transport Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DAR_Museum=DAR Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fondo_del_Sol=Fondo del Sol
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frietmuseum=Frietmuseum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marine_Museum_of_the_Great_Lakes=Marine Museum of the Great Lakes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Museum_of_Mathematics=Museum of Mathematics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Military_Communications_and_Electronics_Museum=Military Communications and Electronics Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_V._V._Vereshchagin_Mykolaiv_Art_Museum=The V. V. Vereshchagin Mykolaiv Art Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bell_Homestead_National_Historic_Site=Bell Homestead National Historic Site
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glaciarium_(museum)=Glaciarium (museum)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lahij_Museum_of_Local_History=Lahij Museum of Local History
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prophet_Mohammad_Museum=Prophet Mohammad Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goudreau_Museum_of_Mathematics_in_Art_and_Science=Goudreau Museum of Mathematics in Art and Science
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joshi's_Museum_of_Miniature_Railway=Joshi's Museum of Miniature Railway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Japan_Coast_Guard_Museum_Yokohama=Japan Coast Guard Museum Yokohama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sperone_Westwater_Gallery=Sperone Westwater Gallery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Military_Museum_of_Tasmania=Military Museum of Tasmania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lake_County_Discovery_Museum=Lake County Discovery Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Asuka_Historical_Museum=Asuka Historical Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mob_Attraction_Las_Vegas=Mob Attraction Las Vegas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Museum_of_Shipbuilding_and_Fleet=The Museum of Shipbuilding and Fleet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Military_Aviation_Museum=Military Aviation Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Azerbaijan_State_Museum_of_Musical_Culture=Azerbaijan State Museum of Musical Culture
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mural_Art_Museum=Mural Art Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alameda_Museum=Alameda Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pacific_Pinball_Museum=Pacific Pinball Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Estonian_Sports_Museum=Estonian Sports Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walk_of_Fame_Bucharest=Walk of Fame Bucharest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Modoc_County_Historical_Museum=Modoc County Historical Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Independence_Museum_of_Azerbaijan=Independence Museum of Azerbaijan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Institute_of_Manuscripts_of_Azerbaijan=Institute of Manuscripts of Azerbaijan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Velveteria=Velveteria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Torpedo_Bay_Navy_Museum=Torpedo Bay Navy Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/House-Museum_of_Vagif_Mustafazadeh=House-Museum of Vagif Mustafazadeh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Satriamandala_Museum=Satriamandala Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Museum-Preserve_%22Battle_for_Kyiv_1943%22=National Museum-Preserve "Battle for Kyiv 1943"
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raven_Hill_Discovery_Center=Raven Hill Discovery Center
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Capitol_Radio_&_Television_Museum=National Capitol Radio & Television Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jewish_Military_Museum=Jewish Military Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yelverton_Paperweight_Centre=Yelverton Paperweight Centre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moto_Guzzi_Museum=Moto Guzzi Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heritage_Discovery_Center=Heritage Discovery Center
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spacex_(art_gallery)=Spacex (art gallery)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gibraltar_Museum=Gibraltar Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kawara_Museum=Kawara Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tiverton_Museum_of_Mid_Devon_Life=Tiverton Museum of Mid Devon Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ducati_Museum=Ducati Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gallery_of_Fine_Arts,_Osijek=Gallery of Fine Arts, Osijek
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Archaeological_Museum_Osijek=Archaeological Museum Osijek
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hara_Model_Railway_Museum=Hara Model Railway Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ballarat_Tramway_Museum=Ballarat Tramway Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Allahabad_Museum=Allahabad Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gallery_Waldinger=Gallery Waldinger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indian_Institute_for_Research_in_Numismatic_Studies=Indian Institute for Research in Numismatic Studies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Science_Factory=The Science Factory
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pijpenkabinet_&_Smokiana=Pijpenkabinet & Smokiana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Museo_del_Novecento=Museo del Novecento
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aljira,_a_Center_for_Contemporary_Art=Aljira, a Center for Contemporary Art
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Afton_Station_Packard_Museum=Afton Station Packard Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oregon_Rail_Heritage_Center=Oregon Rail Heritage Center
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MARTa_Herford=MARTa Herford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mashantucket_Pequot_Museum_and_Research_Center=Mashantucket Pequot Museum and Research Center
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Museum_of_Musical_Instruments_(Milan)=Museum of Musical Instruments (Milan)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saint_John_Jewish_Historical_Museum=Saint John Jewish Historical Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Energy_and_Technology_Museum=Energy and Technology Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steveston_Museum=Steveston Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Berwyn_Route_66_Museum=Berwyn Route 66 Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cape_Medical_Museum=Cape Medical Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bartolomeu_Dias_Museum_Complex=Bartolomeu Dias Museum Complex
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Museum_of_Motherhood=Museum of Motherhood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Museum=George Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Huguenot_Memorial_Museum=Huguenot Memorial Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maine_Maritime_Museum=Maine Maritime Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Museo_Rufino_Tamayo,_Mexico_City=Museo Rufino Tamayo, Mexico City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taganrog_military_museum=Taganrog military museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Museo_Nacional_de_Culturas_Populares=Museo Nacional de Culturas Populares
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Janet_C._Anderson_Gender_Resource_Center=Janet C. Anderson Gender Resource Center
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sazmanab_Center_for_Contemporary_Art=Sazmanab Center for Contemporary Art
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kentucky_Museum=Kentucky Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Storm_P._Museum=Storm P. Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/White_Eagle_Museum=White Eagle Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grenoble_Archaeological_Museum=Grenoble Archaeological Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hotel_and_Restaurant_Museum=Hotel and Restaurant Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Mackintosh_Hall=John Mackintosh Hall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ullens_Center_for_Contemporary_Art=Ullens Center for Contemporary Art
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Texas_Air_&_Space_Museum=Texas Air & Space Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Museum_of_the_Siderurgy=Museum of the Siderurgy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fateh_Burj=Fateh Burj
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Military_Museum_of_the_Legion=Military Museum of the Legion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joan_Maragall_Archive=Joan Maragall Archive
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Toy_Train_Museum=National Toy Train Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Centro_Cultural_Border_(Mexico_City)=Centro Cultural Border (Mexico City)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chihuly_Garden_and_Glass=Chihuly Garden and Glass
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Munshi_Aziz_Bhat_Museum_of_Central_Asian_and_Kargil_Trade_Artifacts=Munshi Aziz Bhat Museum of Central Asian and Kargil Trade Artifacts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bullecourt_1917,_Jean_and_Denise_Letaille_museum=Bullecourt 1917, Jean and Denise Letaille museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Royal_Australian_Armoured_Corps_Memorial_and_Army_Tank_Museum=Royal Australian Armoured Corps Memorial and Army Tank Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pazhassi_Raja_Archaeological_Museum=Pazhassi Raja Archaeological Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Museum_of_Arts_and_Crafts,_Zagreb=Museum of Arts and Crafts, Zagreb
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Staffordshire_County_Museum=Staffordshire County Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atlantic_Wall_Open_Air_Museum=Atlantic Wall Open Air Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Northampton_Museum_and_Art_Gallery=Northampton Museum and Art Gallery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Danmarks_Traktormuseum=Danmarks Traktormuseum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Valladolid_Science_Museum=Valladolid Science Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Croatian_Railway_Museum=Croatian Railway Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SieboldHuis=SieboldHuis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Natural_History_Museum_of_Nepal=Natural History Museum of Nepal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/German_Mining_Museum=German Mining Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philadelphia_Museum_of_Jewish_Art=Philadelphia Museum of Jewish Art
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Australian_National_University_Classics_Museum=Australian National University Classics Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Agricultural_Museum=Agricultural Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beaumont_Art_League=Beaumont Art League
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lyallpur_Museum=Lyallpur Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sunaparanta,_Goa_Centre_for_the_Arts=Sunaparanta, Goa Centre for the Arts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lesbian_Herstory_Archives=Lesbian Herstory Archives
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rieskrater_Museum=Rieskrater Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adana_Cinema_Museum=Adana Cinema Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maison_des_Rochers_de_Graufthal=Maison des Rochers de Graufthal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fundacion_Yannick_y_Ben_Jakober=Fundacion Yannick y Ben Jakober
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kandilli_Earthquake_Museum=Kandilli Earthquake Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Safe_Haven_Museum_and_Education_Center=Safe Haven Museum and Education Center
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Museo_Storico_Navale=Museo Storico Navale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Museum_of_European_and_Mediterranean_Civilisations=Museum of European and Mediterranean Civilisations
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jewish_Museum_and_Tolerance_Center=Jewish Museum and Tolerance Center
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Faena_Arts_Center=Faena Arts Center
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Universum_(UNAM)=Universum (UNAM)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Gallery_of_Indonesia=National Gallery of Indonesia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fralin_Museum_of_Art=Fralin Museum of Art
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blue_Lake_Museum=Blue Lake Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Museum_of_the_Resistance=National Museum of the Resistance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St_Andrews_Museum=St Andrews Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pittsburgh_Glass_Center=Pittsburgh Glass Center
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Museum_of_National_Awakening=Museum of National Awakening
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Museum_Reksa_Artha=Museum Reksa Artha
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bank_Mandiri_Museum=Bank Mandiri Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Gallery_of_Modern_Art,_Bangalore=National Gallery of Modern Art, Bangalore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Museum_Sang_Nila_Utama=Museum Sang Nila Utama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_Nusa_Tenggara_State_Museum=West Nusa Tenggara State Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pekalongan_Batik_Museum=Pekalongan Batik Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aceh_Museum=Aceh Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_Grin_house_museum=Alexander Grin house museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mikkel_Museum=Mikkel Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Polytechnical_Museum=National Polytechnical Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Egyptian_National_Military_Museum=Egyptian National Military Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Fortifications_Heritage=National Fortifications Heritage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Argus_Museum=Argus Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sindecuse_Museum_of_Dentistry=Sindecuse Museum of Dentistry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Istanbul_Postal_Museum=Istanbul Postal Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lithgow_State_Mine_Heritage_Park_&_Railway=Lithgow State Mine Heritage Park & Railway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Museum,_Bloemfontein=National Museum, Bloemfontein
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tren_Blindado=Tren Blindado
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Odisha_State_Museum=Odisha State Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tribal_Research_Institute_Museum=Tribal Research Institute Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oskarshamn_Maritime_Museum=Oskarshamn Maritime Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Museu_do_Ar=Museu do Ar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis_Vuitton_Foundation=Louis Vuitton Foundation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Jazz_Archive=National Jazz Archive
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indian_Business_Museum=Indian Business Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silifke_Museum=Silifke Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Danish_Revue_Museum=Danish Revue Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cavalry_Tank_Museum,_Ahmednagar=Cavalry Tank Museum, Ahmednagar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/McLean_County_Museum_of_History=McLean County Museum of History
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ulucanlar_Prison_Museum=Ulucanlar Prison Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cedar_Falls_Historical_Society=Cedar Falls Historical Society
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Museum_of_the_City_of_Brussels=Museum of the City of Brussels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Museums_of_the_Far_East=Museums of the Far East
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Istanbul_Railway_Museum=Istanbul Railway Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Korean_Revolution_Museum=Korean Revolution Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Victorious_War_Museum=Victorious War Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/South_African_Airways_Museum_Society=South African Airways Museum Society
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Valencia_History_Museum=Valencia History Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/McClelland_Gallery_and_Sculpture_Park=McClelland Gallery and Sculpture Park
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cantonal_Museum_of_Fine_Arts=Cantonal Museum of Fine Arts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Museum_of_Contemporary_Design_and_Applied_Arts=Museum of Contemporary Design and Applied Arts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Santiago_Museum_of_Contemporary_Art=Santiago Museum of Contemporary Art
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Midgley_Museum=Midgley Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Park_Gallery=Park Gallery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elmina_Java_Museum=Elmina Java Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rautenstrauch-Joest_Museum=Rautenstrauch-Joest Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dumfries_and_Galloway_Aviation_Museum=Dumfries and Galloway Aviation Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lwandle_Migrant_Labour_Museum=Lwandle Migrant Labour Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Simon's_Town_Museum=Simon's Town Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saginaw_Valley_Naval_Ship_Museum=Saginaw Valley Naval Ship Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Teshima_Art_Museum=Teshima Art Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lithuanian_Road_Museum=Lithuanian Road Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Washington_National_Guard_Museum=Washington National Guard Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stellenbosch_Museum=Stellenbosch Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monrepos_(archaeology)=Monrepos (archaeology)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reproductions_Museum_Bilbao=Reproductions Museum Bilbao
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Museum_of_Local_History_in_Ulcinj=Museum of Local History in Ulcinj
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Satyagraha_House=Satyagraha House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sterckshof_silver_museum=Sterckshof silver museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mana_Contemporary=Mana Contemporary
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Galleria_Comunale_d'Arte_Moderna,_Rome=Galleria Comunale d'Arte Moderna, Rome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kerala_Science_and_Technology_Museum=Kerala Science and Technology Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Huis_van_Alijn=Huis van Alijn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Girls'_Club_Foundation=Girls' Club Foundation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Museum_Perumusan_Naskah_Proklamasi=Museum Perumusan Naskah Proklamasi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Museo_Universitario_del_Chopo=Museo Universitario del Chopo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Museum_of_Puerto_Rican_Arts_and_Culture=National Museum of Puerto Rican Arts and Culture
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Petersen_Rock_Garden=Petersen Rock Garden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Archipelago_Museum=Archipelago Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ambrolauri_Museum_of_Fine_Arts=Ambrolauri Museum of Fine Arts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_Cocteau_Museum=Jean Cocteau Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chinese_American_Museum_of_Chicago=Chinese American Museum of Chicago
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Radya_Pustaka_Museum=Radya Pustaka Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tibet_Museum_(Dharamsala)=Tibet Museum (Dharamsala)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Teapot_Island=Teapot Island
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ethnological_Museum_of_Chittagong=Ethnological Museum of Chittagong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Melbourne's_Living_Museum_of_the_West=Melbourne's Living Museum of the West
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Illawarra_Light_Railway_Museum=Illawarra Light Railway Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Driehaus_Museum=Driehaus Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jewish_Museum_Milwaukee=Jewish Museum Milwaukee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Museum_of_Richmond=Museum of Richmond
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Transylvanian_Museum=Transylvanian Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Guard_Memorial_Museum=National Guard Memorial Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ulsan_Science_Museum=Ulsan Science Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ulsan_Museum=Ulsan Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jangsaengpo_Whale_Museum=Jangsaengpo Whale Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Museum_of_Oriental_Ceramics,_Osaka=Museum of Oriental Ceramics, Osaka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Irish_American_Heritage_Center=Irish American Heritage Center
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tietomaa=Tietomaa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oulu_Museum_of_Art=Oulu Museum of Art
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oshawa_Community_Museum=Oshawa Community Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rajiv_Gandhi_Regional_Museum_of_Natural_History=Rajiv Gandhi Regional Museum of Natural History
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shilpgram,_Sawai_Madhopur=Shilpgram, Sawai Madhopur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Museum_of_Innocence_(museum)=The Museum of Innocence (museum)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Danish_Museum_of_Hunting_and_Forestry=Danish Museum of Hunting and Forestry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Archaeological_Museum_of_Gandia=Archaeological Museum of Gandia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tramway_Museum_Graz=Tramway Museum Graz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sasana_Wiratama=Sasana Wiratama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DANK_Haus_German_American_Cultural_Center=DANK Haus German American Cultural Center
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Museum_de_Oude_Wolden=Museum de Oude Wolden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grenada_National_Museum=Grenada National Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rio_Tinto_Alcan_Planetarium=Rio Tinto Alcan Planetarium
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oregon_Jewish_Museum=Oregon Jewish Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bulgakov_House_(Moscow)=Bulgakov House (Moscow)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Odessa_Museum_of_Western_and_Eastern_Art=Odessa Museum of Western and Eastern Art
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Punta_della_Dogana=Punta della Dogana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mary_Museum=Mary Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tarquinia_National_Museum=Tarquinia National Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Higgins_Museum_of_National_Bank_Notes=Higgins Museum of National Bank Notes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Memorial_in_Commemoration_of_Famines'_Victims_in_Ukraine=Memorial in Commemoration of Famines' Victims in Ukraine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_America_Railway_Hall_of_Fame=North America Railway Hall of Fame
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cape_Cod_Museum_of_Art=Cape Cod Museum of Art
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fondation_Monet_in_Giverny=Fondation Monet in Giverny
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jordan_National_Gallery_of_Fine_Arts=Jordan National Gallery of Fine Arts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Newcastle_Museum=Newcastle Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Museum_Fodor=Museum Fodor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/FC_Porto_Museum=FC Porto Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dannevirke_Museum=Dannevirke Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leo_Baeck_Institute,_New_York=Leo Baeck Institute, New York
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lithuanian_Museum_of_Ethnocosmology=Lithuanian Museum of Ethnocosmology
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vintage_Motorcycle_Museum_(Chehalis,_Washington)=Vintage Motorcycle Museum (Chehalis, Washington)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Franklin_Court=Franklin Court
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Valley_Center_History_Museum=Valley Center History Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Palmer_Museum_of_Art=Palmer Museum of Art
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Neville_Public_Museum_of_Brown_County=Neville Public Museum of Brown County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Mirvish_Gallery=David Mirvish Gallery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Museum_for_Northern_Peoples=Museum for Northern Peoples
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Danish_Police_Museum=Danish Police Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/WonderWorks_(museum)=WonderWorks (museum)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Morrison_Natural_History_Museum=Morrison Natural History Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jewish_Historical_Museum,_Belgrade=Jewish Historical Museum, Belgrade
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bellefonte_Historical_Railroad_Society=Bellefonte Historical Railroad Society
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Odessa_Art_Museum=Odessa Art Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caledon_Museum=Caledon Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shoeless_Joe_Jackson_Museum=Shoeless Joe Jackson Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Presley_Norton_Museum=Presley Norton Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dharma_Wiratama_Museum=Dharma Wiratama Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Galleries_Maurice_Sternberg=Galleries Maurice Sternberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hong_Kong_Trams_Station=Hong Kong Trams Station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Museu_Benfica=Museu Benfica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Centre_National_du_Costume_de_Scene=Centre National du Costume de Scene
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ajax_Experience=Ajax Experience
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mireuksaji_Mesuem=Mireuksaji Mesuem
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Danforth_Museum=Danforth Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RiverBrink_Art_Museum=RiverBrink Art Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tucson_LGBTQ_Museum=Tucson LGBTQ Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jewelry_Museum=Jewelry Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Museo_Rossimoda_della_calzatura=Museo Rossimoda della calzatura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patricia_and_Phillip_Frost_Museum_of_Science=Patricia and Phillip Frost Museum of Science
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bay_Area_Museum=Bay Area Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Webb-Deane-Stevens_Museum=Webb-Deane-Stevens Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Connecticut_Landmarks=Connecticut Landmarks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Press_Monument=National Press Monument
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Museum_of_Science_Fiction=Museum of Science Fiction
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dundee_Museum_of_Transport=Dundee Museum of Transport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bignou_Gallery=Bignou Gallery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Setagaya_Literary_Museum=Setagaya Literary Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Birmingham_History_Galleries=Birmingham History Galleries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alberta_Flying_Heritage_Museum=Alberta Flying Heritage Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aurora_Fossil_Museum=Aurora Fossil Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vaidyaratnam_Ayurveda_Museum=Vaidyaratnam Ayurveda Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goulburn_Rail_Heritage_Centre=Goulburn Rail Heritage Centre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Museum_of_Australian_Democracy_at_Eureka=Museum of Australian Democracy at Eureka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chisenhale_Gallery=Chisenhale Gallery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bihar_Museum=Bihar Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Drostdy_Museum=Drostdy Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gerhard_Marcks_House=Gerhard Marcks House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jalan_Museum=Jalan Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heineken_House=Heineken House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ghalib_Museum,_New_Delhi=Ghalib Museum, New Delhi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bremen_Main_Post_Office_Building=Bremen Main Post Office Building
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blackitude_Museum=Blackitude Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Market_Hall_Museum,_Warwick=Market Hall Museum, Warwick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ghalib_ki_Haveli=Ghalib ki Haveli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roskilde_Museum=Roskilde Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Center_of_the_Tokyo_Raids_and_War_Damage=Center of the Tokyo Raids and War Damage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sherbrooke_Museum_of_Fine_Arts=Sherbrooke Museum of Fine Arts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sherbrooke_Nature_and_Science_Museum=Sherbrooke Nature and Science Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maimonides_Heritage_Center=Maimonides Heritage Center
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Akranes_Museum_Centre=Akranes Museum Centre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hafnarborg=Hafnarborg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keramik-Museum_Berlin=Keramik-Museum Berlin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canadian_Aviation_Heritage_Centre=Canadian Aviation Heritage Centre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Singapore_City_Gallery=Singapore City Gallery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vestingmuseum_Oudeschans=Vestingmuseum Oudeschans
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Culture_Shed=Culture Shed
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cinematek=Cinematek
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Railway_Heritage_Centre,_Tiruchirappalli=Railway Heritage Centre, Tiruchirappalli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Backwoods_Gallery=Backwoods Gallery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Government_Museum,_Tiruchirappalli=Government Museum, Tiruchirappalli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nepal_Olympic_Museum=Nepal Olympic Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seaplane_Harbour=Seaplane Harbour
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mehmet_Akif_Ersoy_Literature_Museum_Library=Mehmet Akif Ersoy Literature Museum Library
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ahmet_Arif_Literature_Museum_Library=Ahmet Arif Literature Museum Library
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dogra_Art_Museum,_Jammu=Dogra Art Museum, Jammu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mersin_Naval_Museum=Mersin Naval Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tarsus_Museum=Tarsus Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pacific_Aviation_Museum_Pearl_Harbor=Pacific Aviation Museum Pearl Harbor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scarborough_Maritime_Heritage_Centre=Scarborough Maritime Heritage Centre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bexhill_Museum=Bexhill Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nara_Prefecture_Complex_of_Man'yo_Culture=Nara Prefecture Complex of Man'yo Culture
http://dbpedia.org/resource/World_of_Ajax=World of Ajax
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Haslemere_Educational_Museum=Haslemere Educational Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_Midlands_Police_Museum=West Midlands Police Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nederlands_Stripmuseum=Nederlands Stripmuseum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Honduran_Aviation_Museum=Honduran Aviation Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Candy_Store_Gallery=Candy Store Gallery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Old_pumping_station=Old pumping station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peckham_Platform=Peckham Platform
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Museum_Center_at_Five_Points=Museum Center at Five Points
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Smoki_Museum=Smoki Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Centro_del_Calamar_Gigante=Centro del Calamar Gigante
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Montagu_Museum=Montagu Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Australian_Age_of_Dinosaurs=Australian Age of Dinosaurs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Castellani_Art_Museum=Castellani Art Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guba_Genocide_Memorial_Complex=Guba Genocide Memorial Complex
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angel_Museum=Angel Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Old_Jameson_Distillery=Old Jameson Distillery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Braith-Mali-Museum=Braith-Mali-Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jameson_Experience,_Midleton=Jameson Experience, Midleton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Noordelijk_Scheepvaartmuseum=Noordelijk Scheepvaartmuseum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Railway_Museum_of_Eastern_Ontario=Railway Museum of Eastern Ontario
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Museum_of_Sierra_Ski_History_and_1960_Winter_Olympics=Museum of Sierra Ski History and 1960 Winter Olympics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gandhi_Sangrahalaya,_Patna=Gandhi Sangrahalaya, Patna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Memory_Junction_Railway_Museum=Memory Junction Railway Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rajendra_Smriti_Sangrahalaya=Rajendra Smriti Sangrahalaya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clemson_Area_African_American_Museum=Clemson Area African American Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Burritt_on_the_Mountain=Burritt on the Mountain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arabia_Steamboat_Museum=Arabia Steamboat Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Historical_and_Archaeological_Museum_Complex_Sulayman=National Historical and Archaeological Museum Complex Sulayman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Huysman_Gallery=Huysman Gallery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Museo_Eduardo_Carrillo=Museo Eduardo Carrillo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glore_Psychiatric_Museum=Glore Psychiatric Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barnett-Aden_Gallery=Barnett-Aden Gallery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Slavic_Museum=National Slavic Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rockwell_Museum=Rockwell Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arlington_Historical_Museum=Arlington Historical Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buehler_Planetarium_and_Observatory=Buehler Planetarium and Observatory
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Museum_of_Estonian_Architecture=Museum of Estonian Architecture
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Museum_de_Fundatie=Museum de Fundatie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Porta_San_Paolo_Railway_Museum=Porta San Paolo Railway Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/South_Australian_Maritime_Museum=South Australian Maritime Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/South_African_Sendinggestig_Museum=South African Sendinggestig Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pacific_Northwest_Museum_of_Motorcycling=Pacific Northwest Museum of Motorcycling
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Museo_de_las_Americas=Museo de las Americas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Geelong_Maritime_Museum=Geelong Maritime Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deutsches_Currywurst_Museum=Deutsches Currywurst Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flinders_University_Art_Museum=Flinders University Art Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luan_Gallery=Luan Gallery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Humboldt_State_University_Natural_History_Museum=Humboldt State University Natural History Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cultural_&_Museum_Centre_Karonga=Cultural & Museum Centre Karonga
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silesian_Museum_(Opava)=Silesian Museum (Opava)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Whale_Museum=The Whale Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Morbid_Anatomy_Museum=Morbid Anatomy Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zone_5_Military_Museum,_Danang=Zone 5 Military Museum, Danang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fietas_Museum=Fietas Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buell_Children's_Museum=Buell Children's Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sardar_Vallabhbhai_Patel_Police_Museum=Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel Police Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/M+=M+
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Human_Resources_(Non-Profit)=Human Resources (Non-Profit)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shizuoka_Prefectural_Museum_of_Art=Shizuoka Prefectural Museum of Art
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mashpee_Wampanoag_Indian_Museum=Mashpee Wampanoag Indian Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Videogame_History_Museum=Videogame History Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Enjoy_Public_Art_Gallery=Enjoy Public Art Gallery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moscow_Cat_Museum=Moscow Cat Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Museum_of_Human_Anatomy_Luigi_Rolando=Museum of Human Anatomy Luigi Rolando
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Southeastern_Armed_Forces_Museum_Military_Zone_7=Southeastern Armed Forces Museum Military Zone 7
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ESMoA=ESMoA
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yogi_Berra_Museum_and_Learning_Center=Yogi Berra Museum and Learning Center
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Museum_of_Partisan_Glory=Museum of Partisan Glory
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ghent_City_Museum=Ghent City Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Museo_d'arte,_Avellino=Museo d'arte, Avellino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Biomuseo=Biomuseo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Casa_de_Cervantes=Casa de Cervantes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bernardino_Jalandoni_Museum=Bernardino Jalandoni Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Segrelles_Museum=Segrelles Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Red_Men_Museum_and_Library=Red Men Museum and Library
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sturgeon_River_House_Museum=Sturgeon River House Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silva_Poetry_House=Silva Poetry House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Watford_Museum=Watford Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hemp_Museum_Gallery=Hemp Museum Gallery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TGC_Press_Media_Museum=TGC Press Media Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barentsburg_Pomor_Museum=Barentsburg Pomor Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pyramiden_Museum=Pyramiden Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pikes_Peak_Auto_Hill_Climb_Educational_Museum=Pikes Peak Auto Hill Climb Educational Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spitsbergen_Airship_Museum=Spitsbergen Airship Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shanghai_Jewish_Refugees_Museum=Shanghai Jewish Refugees Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xiao_Hui_Wang_Art_Museum=Xiao Hui Wang Art Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Museum_of_Dinosaurs_and_Ancient_Cultures=Museum of Dinosaurs and Ancient Cultures
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fonds_national_d'art_contemporain=Fonds national d'art contemporain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Centre_national_des_arts_plastiques=Centre national des arts plastiques
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pataka_Art_+_Museum=Pataka Art + Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Objectspace=Objectspace
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vino_Versum_Poysdorf=Vino Versum Poysdorf
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xiao_Hui_Wang_Art_Center=Xiao Hui Wang Art Center
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Warangal_Museum=Warangal Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alampur_Museum=Alampur Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Vision_Gallery=New Vision Gallery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boncompagni_Ludovisi_Decorative_Art_Museum=Boncompagni Ludovisi Decorative Art Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Museum_of_the_History_and_Reconstruction_of_Ulan-Bator=Museum of the History and Reconstruction of Ulan-Bator
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Palma_Municipal_Museum=La Palma Municipal Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Los_Palacios_Municipal_Museum=Los Palacios Municipal Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mantua_Municipal_Museum=Mantua Municipal Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sandino_Municipal_Museum=Sandino Municipal Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Southern_Downs_Steam_Railway=Southern Downs Steam Railway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bhagwan_Mahavir_Government_Museum=Bhagwan Mahavir Government Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liberty_Aviation_Museum=Liberty Aviation Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BWA_-_Municipal_Art_Gallery_of_Bydgoszcz=BWA - Municipal Art Gallery of Bydgoszcz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stark's_Vacuum_Museum=Stark's Vacuum Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Artifact_Gallery=Artifact Gallery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ramones_Museum=Ramones Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Minas_de_Matahambre_Municipal_Museum=Minas de Matahambre Municipal Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/San_Pedro_Cemetery_Museum=San Pedro Cemetery Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/%22Red_Terror%22_Martyrs'_Memorial_Museum="Red Terror" Martyrs' Memorial Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liang_Yi_Museum=Liang Yi Museum
