http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apache_HTTP_Server=Apache HTTP Server
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AutoCAD=AutoCAD
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AbiWord=AbiWord
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Active_Server_Pages=Active Server Pages
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ArgoUML=ArgoUML
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AOL_Instant_Messenger=AOL Instant Messenger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brainfuck=Brainfuck
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bash_(Unix_shell)=Bash (Unix shell)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bugzilla=Bugzilla
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Berkeley_DB=Berkeley DB
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BeOS=BeOS
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blitz_BASIC=Blitz BASIC
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Common_Desktop_Environment=Common Desktop Environment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cygwin=Cygwin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cyc=Cyc
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CuteFTP=CuteFTP
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Debian=Debian
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Djbdns=Djbdns
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Debian_GNU/Hurd=Debian GNU/Hurd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dia_(software)=Dia (software)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/JavaScript=JavaScript
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Freenet=Freenet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Freeciv=Freeciv
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GNU=GNU
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GNU_Compiler_Collection=GNU Compiler Collection
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GIMP=GIMP
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gzip=Gzip
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GnuCash=GnuCash
http://dbpedia.org/resource/OpenGL_Utility_Toolkit=OpenGL Utility Toolkit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gnumeric=Gnumeric
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Galeon=Galeon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GNU_Debugger=GNU Debugger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GNU_Hurd=GNU Hurd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/IRIX=IRIX
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BitchX=BitchX
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MIRC=MIRC
http://dbpedia.org/resource/XChat=XChat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Irssi=Irssi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ICQ=ICQ
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Java_(programming_language)=Java (programming language)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/JUnit=JUnit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kazaa=Kazaa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kerberos_(protocol)=Kerberos (protocol)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Korn_shell=Korn shell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Calligra_Suite=Calligra Suite
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Calligra_Words=Calligra Words
http://dbpedia.org/resource/K-Meleon=K-Meleon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/LimeWire=LimeWire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Links_(web_browser)=Links (web browser)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/LaTeX=LaTeX
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lotus_1-2-3=Lotus 1-2-3
http://dbpedia.org/resource/LAME=LAME
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lightworks=Lightworks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Multics=Multics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microsoft_Windows=Microsoft Windows
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MINIX=MINIX
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mandriva_Linux=Mandriva Linux
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MySQL=MySQL
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mercury_(programming_language)=Mercury (programming language)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microsoft_Excel=Microsoft Excel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microsoft_Word=Microsoft Word
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microsoft_Office=Microsoft Office
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MATLAB=MATLAB
http://dbpedia.org/resource/OS_X=OS X
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microsoft_Access=Microsoft Access
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adobe_Flash=Adobe Flash
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mach_(kernel)=Mach (kernel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Napster=Napster
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NetHack=NetHack
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GNU_nano=GNU nano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Netscape_Navigator=Netscape Navigator
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ncurses=Ncurses
http://dbpedia.org/resource/OS/2=OS/2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/OpenGL=OpenGL
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ogg=Ogg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Occam_(programming_language)=Occam (programming language)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PhpWiki=PhpWiki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pretty_Good_Privacy=Pretty Good Privacy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PostgreSQL=PostgreSQL
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PHP-Nuke=PHP-Nuke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Plan_9_from_Bell_Labs=Plan 9 from Bell Labs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pico_(text_editor)=Pico (text editor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PaintShop_Pro=PaintShop Pro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adobe_Photoshop=Adobe Photoshop
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Qt_(software)=Qt (software)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/QuickTime=QuickTime
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Red_Hat_Linux=Red Hat Linux
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rebol=Rebol
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adobe_RoboHelp=Adobe RoboHelp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SuperMemo=SuperMemo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sorcerer_(Linux_distribution)=Sorcerer (Linux distribution)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Slackware=Slackware
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SunOS=SunOS
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samba_(software)=Samba (software)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Simple_DirectMedia_Layer=Simple DirectMedia Layer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TeX=TeX
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Transaction_Processing_Facility=Transaction Processing Facility
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TECO_(text_editor)=TECO (text editor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/UseModWiki=UseModWiki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/UCSD_Pascal=UCSD Pascal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vim_(text_editor)=Vim (text editor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vorbis=Vorbis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vi=Vi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/VSE_(operating_system)=VSE (operating system)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/OpenVMS=OpenVMS
http://dbpedia.org/resource/WorldForge=WorldForge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/WordPerfect=WordPerfect
http://dbpedia.org/resource/WordStar=WordStar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Windows_2000=Windows 2000
http://dbpedia.org/resource/W3m=W3m
http://dbpedia.org/resource/XFree86=XFree86
http://dbpedia.org/resource/XEmacs=XEmacs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/XMMS=XMMS
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zlib=Zlib
http://dbpedia.org/resource/386BSD=386BSD
http://dbpedia.org/resource/HP-UX=HP-UX
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GEGL=GEGL
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Squeak=Squeak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Palm_OS=Palm OS
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wine_(software)=Wine (software)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Concurrent_Versions_System=Concurrent Versions System
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Turbo_Pascal=Turbo Pascal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tru64_UNIX=Tru64 UNIX
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GNU_Privacy_Guard=GNU Privacy Guard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Z/OS=Z/OS
http://dbpedia.org/resource/OCaml=OCaml
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fetchmail=Fetchmail
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NeXTSTEP=NeXTSTEP
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CATIA=CATIA
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mosaic_(web_browser)=Mosaic (web browser)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gnuplot=Gnuplot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Metafont=Metafont
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Allegro_(software)=Allegro (software)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CP/M=CP/M
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gecko_(software)=Gecko (software)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Solaris_(operating_system)=Solaris (operating system)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/OS_X_Server=OS X Server
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GNU_m4=GNU m4
http://dbpedia.org/resource/InterMezzo_(file_system)=InterMezzo (file system)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sendmail=Sendmail
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GNU_Octave=GNU Octave
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Advanced_Maryland_Automatic_Network_Disk_Archiver=Advanced Maryland Automatic Network Disk Archiver
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mathematica=Mathematica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/KStars=KStars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SoftICE=SoftICE
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DNIX=DNIX
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microsoft_Bob=Microsoft Bob
http://dbpedia.org/resource/IBM_Informix=IBM Informix
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Final_Fantasy_Chronicles=Final Fantasy Chronicles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Darwin_(operating_system)=Darwin (operating system)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/OpenStep=OpenStep
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GNU_bison=GNU bison
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Source_Mage=Source Mage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TeachText=TeachText
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mixmaster_anonymous_remailer=Mixmaster anonymous remailer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hercules_(emulator)=Hercules (emulator)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NeWS=NeWS
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GNUstep=GNUstep
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cocoa_(API)=Cocoa (API)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Security-Enhanced_Linux=Security-Enhanced Linux
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Makefile=Makefile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carbon_(API)=Carbon (API)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/YaST=YaST
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A3D=A3D
http://dbpedia.org/resource/IBM_Notes=IBM Notes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parrot_virtual_machine=Parrot virtual machine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Netwide_Assembler=Netwide Assembler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ghostscript=Ghostscript
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Genera_(operating_system)=Genera (operating system)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Speex=Speex
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RSX-11=RSX-11
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Helix_(multimedia_project)=Helix (multimedia project)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/QuickBASIC=QuickBASIC
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zinf=Zinf
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shorten_(file_format)=Shorten (file format)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GNU_Mach=GNU Mach
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yabasic=Yabasic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/QNX=QNX
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DR-DOS=DR-DOS
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bzip2=Bzip2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TOPS-20=TOPS-20
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Populous=Populous
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Revision_Control_System=Revision Control System
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DivX=DivX
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zool=Zool
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Slash'EM=Slash'EM
http://dbpedia.org/resource/OpenOffice.org=OpenOffice.org
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xfce=Xfce
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RT-11=RT-11
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shareaza=Shareaza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/QuarkXPress=QuarkXPress
http://dbpedia.org/resource/COMMAND.COM=COMMAND.COM
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adobe_FrameMaker=Adobe FrameMaker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scribes_(software)=Scribes (software)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ICL_VME=ICL VME
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Winamp=Winamp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microsoft_PowerPoint=Microsoft PowerPoint
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GNOME_Files=GNOME Files
http://dbpedia.org/resource/FLAC=FLAC
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maple_(software)=Maple (software)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Enlightenment_(software)=Enlightenment (software)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/IceWM=IceWM
http://dbpedia.org/resource/UAE_(emulator)=UAE (emulator)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/IBrowse=IBrowse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Voyager_(web_browser)=Voyager (web browser)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blender_(software)=Blender (software)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TRIPOS=TRIPOS
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Back_Orifice=Back Orifice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xenix=Xenix
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PSOS_(real-time_operating_system)=PSOS (real-time operating system)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Graphical_Environment_Manager=Graphical Environment Manager
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ChatZilla=ChatZilla
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MP/M=MP/M
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Syllable_Desktop=Syllable Desktop
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lattice_C=Lattice C
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mario_Tennis=Mario Tennis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trillian_(software)=Trillian (software)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ICab=ICab
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bourne_shell=Bourne shell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xerces=Xerces
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ActiveX=ActiveX
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PKZIP=PKZIP
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gentoo_Linux=Gentoo Linux
http://dbpedia.org/resource/C_shell=C shell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maxima_(software)=Maxima (software)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Z_shell=Z shell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tcsh=Tcsh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Small-C=Small-C
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SHRDLU=SHRDLU
http://dbpedia.org/resource/FreeDOS=FreeDOS
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Autodesk_Maya=Autodesk Maya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quattro_Pro=Quattro Pro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/VESA_Display_Power_Management_Signaling=VESA Display Power Management Signaling
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Access_query_language=Access query language
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BS2000=BS2000
http://dbpedia.org/resource/EDonkey2000=EDonkey2000
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apache_Subversion=Apache Subversion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Evolution_(software)=Evolution (software)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Acme_(text_editor)=Acme (text editor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rsync=Rsync
http://dbpedia.org/resource/WinZip=WinZip
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atari_BASIC=Atari BASIC
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Super_Mario_Bros.:_The_Lost_Levels=Super Mario Bros.: The Lost Levels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/IBM_PC_DOS=IBM PC DOS
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michigan_Terminal_System=Michigan Terminal System
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cacti_(software)=Cacti (software)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Csound=Csound
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TWAIN=TWAIN
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scilab=Scilab
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adobe_Illustrator=Adobe Illustrator
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Area_51_(1995_video_game)=Area 51 (1995 video game)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/VxWorks=VxWorks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Exim=Exim
http://dbpedia.org/resource/FlightGear=FlightGear
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Knoppix=Knoppix
http://dbpedia.org/resource/POV-Ray=POV-Ray
http://dbpedia.org/resource/XBoard=XBoard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MPlayer=MPlayer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MenuetOS=MenuetOS
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theora=Theora
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isabelle_(proof_assistant)=Isabelle (proof assistant)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hack_(Unix_video_game)=Hack (Unix video game)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GNU_Compiler_for_Java=GNU Compiler for Java
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MacPaint=MacPaint
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BitKeeper=BitKeeper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Advanced_Linux_Sound_Architecture=Advanced Linux Sound Architecture
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Open_Sound_System=Open Sound System
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Drupal=Drupal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Visual_C++=Visual C++
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caddie_(CAD_system)=Caddie (CAD system)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dirac_(video_compression_format)=Dirac (video compression format)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mpg123=Mpg123
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GNU_TeXmacs=GNU TeXmacs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daylon_Leveller=Daylon Leveller
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RISC_OS=RISC OS
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AtheOS=AtheOS
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apache_POI=Apache POI
http://dbpedia.org/resource/LilyPond=LilyPond
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ANDOS=ANDOS
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fluxbox=Fluxbox
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tcpdump=Tcpdump
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Autoconf=Autoconf
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Almquist_shell=Almquist shell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stunnel=Stunnel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/InterBase=InterBase
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GNU_Libtool=GNU Libtool
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pan_(newsreader)=Pan (newsreader)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GNAT=GNAT
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monkey's_Audio=Monkey's Audio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GNU_Units=GNU Units
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GNU_Chess=GNU Chess
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GiFT=GiFT
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xnews=Xnews
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brain_(computer_virus)=Brain (computer virus)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adobe_InDesign=Adobe InDesign
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Plucker=Plucker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microsoft_FrontPage=Microsoft FrontPage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SPSS=SPSS
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Turbolinux=Turbolinux
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xandros=Xandros
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SPICE=SPICE
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bluefish_(software)=Bluefish (software)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/JBuilder=JBuilder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jini=Jini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ITunes=ITunes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cisco_IOS=Cisco IOS
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dpkg=Dpkg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Advanced_Packaging_Tool=Advanced Packaging Tool
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pidgin_(software)=Pidgin (software)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NSD=NSD
http://dbpedia.org/resource/WorldWideWeb=WorldWideWeb
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sibelius_(software)=Sibelius (software)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/86-DOS=86-DOS
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Macaulay_computer_algebra_system=Macaulay computer algebra system
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Camino_(web_browser)=Camino (web browser)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gnus=Gnus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crystalis=Crystalis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Linux_From_Scratch=Linux From Scratch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robocode=Robocode
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SimPy=SimPy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MUSIC/SP=MUSIC/SP
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PmWiki=PmWiki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CinePaint=CinePaint
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ultrix=Ultrix
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mastercam=Mastercam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Qmail=Qmail
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yahoo!_Messenger=Yahoo! Messenger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Internet_Junkbuster=Internet Junkbuster
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Privoxy=Privoxy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/KDevelop=KDevelop
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apache_Tomcat=Apache Tomcat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xvid=Xvid
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adobe_Acrobat=Adobe Acrobat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adobe_GoLive=Adobe GoLive
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adobe_PageMaker=Adobe PageMaker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quanta_Plus=Quanta Plus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Squid_(software)=Squid (software)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zend_Engine=Zend Engine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ScummVM=ScummVM
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_the_Ripper=John the Ripper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Internet_Information_Services=Internet Information Services
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Data_Display_Debugger=Data Display Debugger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NetBeans=NetBeans
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Automake=Automake
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gambas=Gambas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eclipse_(software)=Eclipse (software)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/JXTA=JXTA
http://dbpedia.org/resource/XDM_(display_manager)=XDM (display manager)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parallel_Virtual_Machine=Parallel Virtual Machine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Motif_(software)=Motif (software)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/FreeGEM=FreeGEM
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pango=Pango
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gedit=Gedit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mod_perl=Mod perl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GoboLinux=GoboLinux
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Libranet=Libranet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MicroStation=MicroStation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amiga_Unix=Amiga Unix
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Compiere=Compiere
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SQL-Ledger=SQL-Ledger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mozilla_Thunderbird=Mozilla Thunderbird
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eudora_(email_client)=Eudora (email client)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GNOME_Display_Manager=GNOME Display Manager
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Climm=Climm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blackbox=Blackbox
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kopete=Kopete
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kazaa_Lite=Kazaa Lite
http://dbpedia.org/resource/WinMX=WinMX
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Windows_CE=Windows CE
http://dbpedia.org/resource/OpenGEM=OpenGEM
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fink=Fink
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SableCC=SableCC
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Plone_(software)=Plone (software)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/OpenACS=OpenACS
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AOLserver=AOLserver
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ardour_(software)=Ardour (software)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DotGNU=DotGNU
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Business_Operating_System_(software)=Business Operating System (software)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A/UX=A/UX
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BibTeX=BibTeX
http://dbpedia.org/resource/WASTE=WASTE
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nato.0+55+3d=Nato.0+55+3d
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kylin_(operating_system)=Kylin (operating system)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/OmniWeb=OmniWeb
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bonjour_(software)=Bonjour (software)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MLDonkey=MLDonkey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Singular_(software)=Singular (software)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gtk-gnutella=Gtk-gnutella
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SQLite=SQLite
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Proxomitron=Proxomitron
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yellow_Dog_Linux=Yellow Dog Linux
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PhpBB=PhpBB
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microsoft_Agent=Microsoft Agent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DVD_ripper=DVD ripper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/IChat=IChat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apple_ProDOS=Apple ProDOS
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apple_DOS=Apple DOS
http://dbpedia.org/resource/OS/8=OS/8
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Compatible_Time-Sharing_System=Compatible Time-Sharing System
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Data_General_RDOS=Data General RDOS
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coherent_(operating_system)=Coherent (operating system)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Finale_(software)=Finale (software)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apple_SOS=Apple SOS
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miranda_IM=Miranda IM
http://dbpedia.org/resource/OpenLDAP=OpenLDAP
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ZSNES=ZSNES
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sam_(text_editor)=Sam (text editor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GAP_(computer_algebra_system)=GAP (computer algebra system)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sawfish_(window_manager)=Sawfish (window manager)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SkyOS=SkyOS
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SciPy=SciPy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MorphOS=MorphOS
http://dbpedia.org/resource/JScript=JScript
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deluxe_Paint=Deluxe Paint
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Centericq=Centericq
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Procmail=Procmail
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Foobar2000=Foobar2000
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GPE=GPE
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Soulseek=Soulseek
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SpamAssassin=SpamAssassin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Core_War=Core War
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Visual_Component_Library=Visual Component Library
http://dbpedia.org/resource/WxWidgets=WxWidgets
http://dbpedia.org/resource/WPS_Office=WPS Office
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TWiki=TWiki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/IBM_Lotus_Organizer=IBM Lotus Organizer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adobe_Authorware=Adobe Authorware
http://dbpedia.org/resource/LILO_(boot_loader)=LILO (boot loader)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GNU_GRUB=GNU GRUB
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sodipodi=Sodipodi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Firebird_(database_server)=Firebird (database server)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/IMovie=IMovie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/IDVD=IDVD
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ILife=ILife
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xine=Xine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ISync=ISync
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apple_GS/OS=Apple GS/OS
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Website_Meta_Language=Website Meta Language
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yellowdog_Updater,_Modified=Yellowdog Updater, Modified
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scribus=Scribus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cinelerra=Cinelerra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trustix=Trustix
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GNU_Mailman=GNU Mailman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bleem!=Bleem!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GNUnet=GNUnet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DragonFly_BSD=DragonFly BSD
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Code_Co-op=Code Co-op
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ROX_Desktop=ROX Desktop
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adaptive_Server_Enterprise=Adaptive Server Enterprise
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Skolelinux=Skolelinux
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Incompatible_Timesharing_System=Incompatible Timesharing System
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PTC_Creo_Elements/Pro=PTC Creo Elements/Pro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tomsrtbt=Tomsrtbt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Magic_(software)=Magic (software)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/JACK_Audio_Connection_Kit=JACK Audio Connection Kit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/OpenZaurus=OpenZaurus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Info-ZIP=Info-ZIP
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doom_3=Doom 3
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Movable_Type=Movable Type
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NAMD=NAMD
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GROMACS=GROMACS
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nullsoft_Scriptable_Install_System=Nullsoft Scriptable Install System
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Portage_(software)=Portage (software)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Agrep=Agrep
http://dbpedia.org/resource/WAITS=WAITS
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Visual_IRC=Visual IRC
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Independent_Computing_Architecture=Independent Computing Architecture
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fire_(instant_messaging_client)=Fire (instant messaging client)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bersirc=Bersirc
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Windows_Virtual_PC=Windows Virtual PC
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Autodesk_3ds_Max=Autodesk 3ds Max
http://dbpedia.org/resource/WinGate=WinGate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RSTS/E=RSTS/E
http://dbpedia.org/resource/VM_(operating_system)=VM (operating system)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CP/CMS=CP/CMS
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angband_(video_game)=Angband (video game)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/WebObjects=WebObjects
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adobe_Dreamweaver=Adobe Dreamweaver
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Calculix=Calculix
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Preview_(Mac_OS)=Preview (Mac OS)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MediaWiki=MediaWiki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oracle_Database=Oracle Database
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lsh=Lsh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GNU_C_Library=GNU C Library
http://dbpedia.org/resource/IMesh=IMesh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Framework_(office_suite)=Framework (office suite)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Versatile_Real-Time_Executive=Versatile Real-Time Executive
http://dbpedia.org/resource/KoalaPad=KoalaPad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jakarta_Slide=Jakarta Slide
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crystal_Space=Crystal Space
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gadu-Gadu=Gadu-Gadu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ZynAddSubFX=ZynAddSubFX
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Audacity_(audio_editor)=Audacity (audio editor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adaptive_Communication_Environment=Adaptive Communication Environment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Overnet=Overnet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Binary_File_Descriptor_library=Binary File Descriptor library
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SuperWaba=SuperWaba
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robotfindskitten=Robotfindskitten
http://dbpedia.org/resource/KDE_Display_Manager=KDE Display Manager
http://dbpedia.org/resource/FL_Studio=FL Studio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GNU_Go=GNU Go
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rational_ClearCase=Rational ClearCase
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Morpheus_(software)=Morpheus (software)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rhino_(JavaScript_engine)=Rhino (JavaScript engine)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/System_7=System 7
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Berkeley_Open_Infrastructure_for_Network_Computing=Berkeley Open Infrastructure for Network Computing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SuperCollider=SuperCollider
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oberon_(operating_system)=Oberon (operating system)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Delphi_(programming_language)=Delphi (programming language)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Contacts_(Mac_OS)=Contacts (Mac OS)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Slrn=Slrn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xcode=Xcode
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SYSLINUX=SYSLINUX
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nvu=Nvu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Avant_Browser=Avant Browser
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TenDRA_Compiler=TenDRA Compiler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ReactOS=ReactOS
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bochs=Bochs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MinGW=MinGW
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NetWare=NetWare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BLAST=BLAST
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adobe_Creative_Suite=Adobe Creative Suite
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RobotWar=RobotWar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/OpenMSX=OpenMSX
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Poser=Poser
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Open_Inventor=Open Inventor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wget=Wget
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stellarium_(computer_program)=Stellarium (computer program)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AutoREALM=AutoREALM
http://dbpedia.org/resource/User-mode_Linux=User-mode Linux
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Openbox=Openbox
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adobe_ColdFusion=Adobe ColdFusion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Midgard_(software)=Midgard (software)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DESQview=DESQview
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flex_lexical_analyser=Flex lexical analyser
http://dbpedia.org/resource/EmuTOS=EmuTOS
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Damn_Small_Linux=Damn Small Linux
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scsh=Scsh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NumPy=NumPy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/OpenMP=OpenMP
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dyne:bolic=Dyne:bolic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moodle=Moodle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prime95=Prime95
http://dbpedia.org/resource/QTFairUse=QTFairUse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jython=Jython
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GNU_Classpath=GNU Classpath
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CICS=CICS
http://dbpedia.org/resource/FIGlet=FIGlet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Physics_Analysis_Workstation=Physics Analysis Workstation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steinberg_Cubase=Steinberg Cubase
http://dbpedia.org/resource/X-Plane_(simulator)=X-Plane (simulator)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doom_engine=Doom engine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nutch=Nutch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Electric_Sheep=Electric Sheep
http://dbpedia.org/resource/OASIS_operating_system=OASIS operating system
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cinema_4D=Cinema 4D
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Celestia=Celestia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nmap=Nmap
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_All-Seeing_Eye=The All-Seeing Eye
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kaffe=Kaffe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/JavaCC=JavaCC
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Irrlicht_Engine=Irrlicht Engine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Texinfo=Texinfo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Genesis_Device=Genesis Device
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Winny=Winny
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Urpmi=Urpmi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inkscape=Inkscape
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Folding@home=Folding@home
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CUPS=CUPS
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xito=Xito
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GraphCalc=GraphCalc
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Java_Desktop_System=Java Desktop System
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Unreal_Engine=Unreal Engine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Slax=Slax
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SystemRescueCD=SystemRescueCD
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Object_Windows_Library=Object Windows Library
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gnopernicus=Gnopernicus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RTLinux=RTLinux
http://dbpedia.org/resource/J_Sharp=J Sharp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pro_Tools=Pro Tools
http://dbpedia.org/resource/XQuartz=XQuartz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/VirtualDub=VirtualDub
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tiki_Wiki_CMS_Groupware=Tiki Wiki CMS Groupware
http://dbpedia.org/resource/JavaServer_Faces=JavaServer Faces
http://dbpedia.org/resource/XScreenSaver=XScreenSaver
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GarageBand=GarageBand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Skype=Skype
http://dbpedia.org/resource/FreeTTS=FreeTTS
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MEPIS=MEPIS
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Splint_(programming_tool)=Splint (programming tool)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trac=Trac
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Operating_System_Embedded=Operating System Embedded
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CrossOver_(software)=CrossOver (software)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ECos=ECos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/LithTech=LithTech
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kanotix=Kanotix
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Enigmail=Enigmail
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dbx_(debugger)=Dbx (debugger)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rosegarden=Rosegarden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Memcached=Memcached
http://dbpedia.org/resource/OpenSSL=OpenSSL
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apache_Ant=Apache Ant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amoeba_(operating_system)=Amoeba (operating system)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fractint=Fractint
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Software_suite=Software suite
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adobe_Audition=Adobe Audition
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MS/8=MS/8
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ADRIFT=ADRIFT
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Animation:Master=Animation:Master
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Twm=Twm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Coroner's_Toolkit=The Coroner's Toolkit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GNOWSYS=GNOWSYS
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apache_Struts=Apache Struts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/OpenAFS=OpenAFS
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Windows_9x=Windows 9x
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ratpoison=Ratpoison
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PIRCH=PIRCH
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Globus_Toolkit=Globus Toolkit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AfterStep=AfterStep
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sprite_(operating_system)=Sprite (operating system)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/FVWM=FVWM
http://dbpedia.org/resource/OctaMED=OctaMED
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Renoise=Renoise
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Final_Cut_Pro=Final Cut Pro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eurisko=Eurisko
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GLIMPSE=GLIMPSE
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DirectFB=DirectFB
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Standard_Widget_Toolkit=Standard Widget Toolkit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mozilla_Composer=Mozilla Composer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Synaptic_(software)=Synaptic (software)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DCOP=DCOP
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aqua_(user_interface)=Aqua (user interface)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Advanced_Visualization_Studio=Advanced Visualization Studio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RSSOwl=RSSOwl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Red_Flag_Linux=Red Flag Linux
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mozilla_Sunbird=Mozilla Sunbird
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ion_(window_manager)=Ion (window manager)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pure_Data=Pure Data
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stale_pointer_bug=Stale pointer bug
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cygwin/X=Cygwin/X
http://dbpedia.org/resource/X-Win32=X-Win32
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GNU_Multiple_Precision_Arithmetic_Library=GNU Multiple Precision Arithmetic Library
http://dbpedia.org/resource/L0phtCrack=L0phtCrack
http://dbpedia.org/resource/LINPACK=LINPACK
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Calligra_Sheets=Calligra Sheets
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Michigan_Executive_System=University of Michigan Executive System
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ReBirth_RB-338=ReBirth RB-338
http://dbpedia.org/resource/K3b=K3b
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Up2date=Up2date
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Netscape_6=Netscape 6
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Axiom_(computer_algebra_system)=Axiom (computer algebra system)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yggdrasil_Linux/GNU/X=Yggdrasil Linux/GNU/X
http://dbpedia.org/resource/VLC_media_player=VLC media player
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swaret=Swaret
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Video4Linux=Video4Linux
http://dbpedia.org/resource/V_(operating_system)=V (operating system)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xfig=Xfig
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ViolaWWW=ViolaWWW
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NUnit=NUnit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PyUnit=PyUnit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ARts=ARts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Skencil=Skencil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Konsole=Konsole
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Google_Groups=Google Groups
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inferno_(operating_system)=Inferno (operating system)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SOGo=SOGo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microsoft_Exchange_Server=Microsoft Exchange Server
http://dbpedia.org/resource/IDL_(programming_language)=IDL (programming language)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dasher_(software)=Dasher (software)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mutt_(email_client)=Mutt (email client)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CURL=CURL
http://dbpedia.org/resource/IRAF=IRAF
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TRS-DOS=TRS-DOS
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ht-//Dig=Ht-//Dig
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lucene=Lucene
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Calligra_Stage=Calligra Stage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Metacity=Metacity
http://dbpedia.org/resource/IBM_Airline_Control_Program=IBM Airline Control Program
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crafty=Crafty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shredder_(software)=Shredder (software)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Qt_Extended=Qt Extended
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microsoft_Visio=Microsoft Visio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TOPS-10=TOPS-10
http://dbpedia.org/resource/HIARCS=HIARCS
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SWIG=SWIG
http://dbpedia.org/resource/3D_Movie_Maker=3D Movie Maker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/FreeSBIE=FreeSBIE
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TrueSpace=TrueSpace
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Musicmatch_Jukebox=Musicmatch Jukebox
http://dbpedia.org/resource/X.Org_Server=X.Org Server
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I2P=I2P
http://dbpedia.org/resource/OpenJava=OpenJava
http://dbpedia.org/resource/KWin=KWin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Artefaktur=Artefaktur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Project_Looking_Glass=Project Looking Glass
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kiten_(program)=Kiten (program)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MkLinux=MkLinux
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mankind_(video_game)=Mankind (video game)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TimesTen=TimesTen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GRASS_GIS=GRASS GIS
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microsoft_XNA=Microsoft XNA
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adventure_Game_Interpreter=Adventure Game Interpreter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/LeJOS=LeJOS
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Haiku_(operating_system)=Haiku (operating system)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GameMaker:_Studio=GameMaker: Studio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atari_Microsoft_BASIC=Atari Microsoft BASIC
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BASIC_A+=BASIC A+
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Red_Hat_Enterprise_Linux=Red Hat Enterprise Linux
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Terragen=Terragen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TightVNC=TightVNC
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RealVNC=RealVNC
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Simulink=Simulink
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glasgow_Haskell_Compiler=Glasgow Haskell Compiler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/OpenAL=OpenAL
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Distcc=Distcc
http://dbpedia.org/resource/UnixWare=UnixWare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ccache=Ccache
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mnet_(peer-to-peer_network)=Mnet (peer-to-peer network)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Graphviz=Graphviz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PhpMyAdmin=PhpMyAdmin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tencent_QQ=Tencent QQ
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lunar_Linux=Lunar Linux
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PC-Talk=PC-Talk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Berry_Linux=Berry Linux
http://dbpedia.org/resource/KIO=KIO
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GConf=GConf
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gconf-editor=Gconf-editor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xitami=Xitami
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Environmental_Audio_Extensions=Environmental Audio Extensions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GnomeVFS=GnomeVFS
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dropline_GNOME=Dropline GNOME
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Native_(computing)=Native (computing)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coq=Coq
http://dbpedia.org/resource/OpenMPT=OpenMPT
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Advance_Wars=Advance Wars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/OpenLP=OpenLP
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GStreamer=GStreamer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Invision_Power_Board=Invision Power Board
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caudium_(web_server)=Caudium (web server)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/VBulletin=VBulletin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xen=Xen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/WiX=WiX
http://dbpedia.org/resource/UNIX_System_Services=UNIX System Services
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kinfocenter=Kinfocenter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cooperative_Linux=Cooperative Linux
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gentoo_(file_manager)=Gentoo (file manager)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/UNIX_System_V=UNIX System V
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wings_3D=Wings 3D
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A-A-P=A-A-P
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Psi_(instant_messaging_client)=Psi (instant messaging client)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adaptive_Domain_Environment_for_Operating_Systems=Adaptive Domain Environment for Operating Systems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Not_Another_Completely_Heuristic_Operating_System=Not Another Completely Heuristic Operating System
http://dbpedia.org/resource/WordPress=WordPress
http://dbpedia.org/resource/OpenCms=OpenCms
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mambo_(software)=Mambo (software)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AMule=AMule
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PuTTY=PuTTY
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PTS-DOS=PTS-DOS
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adobe_Atmosphere=Adobe Atmosphere
http://dbpedia.org/resource/City_of_Heroes=City of Heroes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GFA_BASIC=GFA BASIC
http://dbpedia.org/resource/XNU=XNU
http://dbpedia.org/resource/IBM_TopView=IBM TopView
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kazehakase=Kazehakase
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GD_Graphics_Library=GD Graphics Library
http://dbpedia.org/resource/OpenSSI=OpenSSI
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GNU_Aspell=GNU Aspell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PhpGedView=PhpGedView
http://dbpedia.org/resource/UnrealEd=UnrealEd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/JavaOS=JavaOS
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Formatting_Objects_Processor=Formatting Objects Processor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Google_Toolbar=Google Toolbar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dartmouth_Time_Sharing_System=Dartmouth Time Sharing System
http://dbpedia.org/resource/FastTracker_2=FastTracker 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yacas=Yacas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Free_Pascal=Free Pascal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Portable.NET=Portable.NET
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MOLPRO=MOLPRO
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RealPlayer=RealPlayer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sacix=Sacix
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ghost_(software)=Ghost (software)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GLX=GLX
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ratfiv=Ratfiv
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Exult=Exult
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gettext=Gettext
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BZFlag=BZFlag
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microsoft_Entourage=Microsoft Entourage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fli4l=Fli4l
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GCIDE=GCIDE
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ASP.NET=ASP.NET
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pssst=Pssst
http://dbpedia.org/resource/FreeType=FreeType
http://dbpedia.org/resource/LLVM=LLVM
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PearPC=PearPC
http://dbpedia.org/resource/FLTK=FLTK
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rational_Purify=Rational Purify
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mobile_code=Mobile code
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adobe_Fireworks=Adobe Fireworks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TinyOS=TinyOS
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microsoft_Publisher=Microsoft Publisher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arch_Linux=Arch Linux
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Source_(game_engine)=Source (game engine)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microsoft_Works=Microsoft Works
http://dbpedia.org/resource/B2evolution=B2evolution
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rhythmbox=Rhythmbox
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amaya_(web_editor)=Amaya (web editor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Top_(software)=Top (software)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/UClibc=UClibc
http://dbpedia.org/resource/WebKit=WebKit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BusyBox=BusyBox
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ColorSync=ColorSync
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apple_Lossless=Apple Lossless
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GNU_Screen=GNU Screen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Red_Baron_(1990_video_game)=Red Baron (1990 video game)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Memtest86=Memtest86
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uppaal_Model_Checker=Uppaal Model Checker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Citrix_XenApp=Citrix XenApp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microsoft_WebMatrix=Microsoft WebMatrix
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cedega_(software)=Cedega (software)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Revive_Adserver=Revive Adserver
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BonziBuddy=BonziBuddy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boost_(C++_libraries)=Boost (C++ libraries)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Snes9x=Snes9x
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PCLinuxOS=PCLinuxOS
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ad-Aware=Ad-Aware
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RenderWare=RenderWare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RRDtool=RRDtool
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vampire_(theorem_prover)=Vampire (theorem prover)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/High_Level_Assembly=High Level Assembly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RISC_iX=RISC iX
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anjuta=Anjuta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eggdrop=Eggdrop
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gaussian_(software)=Gaussian (software)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AdSense=AdSense
http://dbpedia.org/resource/X_video_extension=X video extension
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nucleus_CMS=Nucleus CMS
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CDex=CDex
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Open_Source_Software_CD=Open Source Software CD
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zero_Install=Zero Install
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ableton_Live=Ableton Live
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quixote_(web_framework)=Quixote (web framework)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Macromedia_HomeSite=Macromedia HomeSite
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DYNIX=DYNIX
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kate_(text_editor)=Kate (text editor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/LiteStep=LiteStep
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CHILL=CHILL
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ANTLR=ANTLR
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anaconda_(installer)=Anaconda (installer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/WxBasic=WxBasic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Odin_(software)=Odin (software)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SciTE=SciTE
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Smarty=Smarty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/FreeMind=FreeMind
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Libpng=Libpng
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Windows_XP_Media_Center_Edition=Windows XP Media Center Edition
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zabbix=Zabbix
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adobe_Photoshop_Elements=Adobe Photoshop Elements
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apache_Lenya=Apache Lenya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NEdit=NEdit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Opera_Mail=Opera Mail
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pngcrush=Pngcrush
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Potrace=Potrace
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BrMSX=BrMSX
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DokuWiki=DokuWiki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Textpattern=Textpattern
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Entropy_(anonymous_data_store)=Entropy (anonymous data store)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adobe_After_Effects=Adobe After Effects
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glade_Interface_Designer=Glade Interface Designer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PyQt=PyQt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ACT-R=ACT-R
http://dbpedia.org/resource/XMule=XMule
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sqsh=Sqsh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SolidWorks=SolidWorks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DVD_Shrink=DVD Shrink
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TCP_Wrapper=TCP Wrapper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Filetopia=Filetopia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Infobot=Infobot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kodi_(software)=Kodi (software)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Visi_On=Visi On
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CRUX=CRUX
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PunkBuster=PunkBuster
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Invision_Power_Services=Invision Power Services
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Visual_User_Environment=Visual User Environment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Active_Template_Library=Active Template Library
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Renegade_(BBS)=Renegade (BBS)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Contiki=Contiki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Expat_(library)=Expat (library)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Icecast=Icecast
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cray_Operating_System=Cray Operating System
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nagios=Nagios
http://dbpedia.org/resource/IBM_Sametime=IBM Sametime
http://dbpedia.org/resource/OpenVPN=OpenVPN
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ObjectStore=ObjectStore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Snort_(software)=Snort (software)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coco/R=Coco/R
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GNU_Assembler=GNU Assembler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Q-Chem=Q-Chem
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Data_access_object=Data access object
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Immunix=Immunix
http://dbpedia.org/resource/HP_OpenView=HP OpenView
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ArtRage=ArtRage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adabas_D=Adabas D
http://dbpedia.org/resource/LynxOS=LynxOS
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MythTV=MythTV
http://dbpedia.org/resource/OpenVG=OpenVG
http://dbpedia.org/resource/OpenMAX=OpenMAX
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norton_Commander=Norton Commander
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kurumin=Kurumin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microsoft_Dynamics_GP=Microsoft Dynamics GP
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spotlight_(software)=Spotlight (software)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/XOOPS=XOOPS
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Active_Worlds=Active Worlds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AdWords=AdWords
http://dbpedia.org/resource/M0n0wall=M0n0wall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BitComet=BitComet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Midnight_Commander=Midnight Commander
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Far_Manager=Far Manager
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BeIA=BeIA
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PyGTK=PyGTK
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clam_AntiVirus=Clam AntiVirus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dataphor=Dataphor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SVK=SVK
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steam_(software)=Steam (software)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microsoft_Visual_Studio_Express=Microsoft Visual Studio Express
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GrabIt=GrabIt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nucleus_RTOS=Nucleus RTOS
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MudOS=MudOS
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Discworld_mudlib=Discworld mudlib
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TrueCrypt=TrueCrypt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Perforce_Jam=Perforce Jam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/OPIE_user_interface=OPIE user interface
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ConTeXt=ConTeXt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fontographer=Fontographer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fle3=Fle3
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Calligra_Flow=Calligra Flow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Print_Shop=The Print Shop
http://dbpedia.org/resource/VisualBoyAdvance=VisualBoyAdvance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GNU_Core_Utilities=GNU Core Utilities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CLISP=CLISP
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pkgsrc=Pkgsrc
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Asterisk_(PBX)=Asterisk (PBX)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DOSBox=DOSBox
http://dbpedia.org/resource/EZ_Publish=EZ Publish
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nvi=Nvi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GnuTLS=GnuTLS
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GNOME_System_Tools=GNOME System Tools
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GiNaC=GiNaC
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Open64=Open64
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NeoOffice=NeoOffice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lunar_2:_Eternal_Blue_Complete=Lunar 2: Eternal Blue Complete
http://dbpedia.org/resource/VMac=VMac
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Netcat=Netcat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ESET_NOD32=ESET NOD32
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oracle_Application_Express=Oracle Application Express
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ArcIMS=ArcIMS
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fusebox_(programming)=Fusebox (programming)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sparse=Sparse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/IntelliJ_IDEA=IntelliJ IDEA
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Burroughs_MCP=Burroughs MCP
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grace_(plotting_tool)=Grace (plotting tool)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CMU_Common_Lisp=CMU Common Lisp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iptables=Iptables
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PabloDraw=PabloDraw
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ALT_Linux=ALT Linux
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cyberduck=Cyberduck
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Idris_(operating_system)=Idris (operating system)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BBEdit=BBEdit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trident_(layout_engine)=Trident (layout engine)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/UDE=UDE
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coral_Content_Distribution_Network=Coral Content Distribution Network
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spy_Sweeper=Spy Sweeper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ubuntu_(operating_system)=Ubuntu (operating system)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Openswan=Openswan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SAS_(software)=SAS (software)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Warlords_(game_series)=Warlords (game series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Core_Audio=Core Audio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adventure_Game_Studio=Adventure Game Studio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Task_manager=Task manager
http://dbpedia.org/resource/JDeveloper=JDeveloper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swarm_(simulation)=Swarm (simulation)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CentOS=CentOS
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nestopia=Nestopia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PhpLDAPadmin=PhpLDAPadmin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ThinkFree_Office=ThinkFree Office
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sweep_(software)=Sweep (software)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Java_3D=Java 3D
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pspell=Pspell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indent_(Unix)=Indent (Unix)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sudo=Sudo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GNU_Linear_Programming_Kit=GNU Linear Programming Kit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/LAPACK=LAPACK
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brawl_Brothers=Brawl Brothers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TeamSpeak=TeamSpeak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Naim_(software)=Naim (software)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NASA_World_Wind=NASA World Wind
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vib-Ribbon=Vib-Ribbon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Darik's_Boot_and_Nuke=Darik's Boot and Nuke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fox_toolkit=Fox toolkit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Corel_Photo-Paint=Corel Photo-Paint
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shorewall=Shorewall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MySpell=MySpell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hikarunix=Hikarunix
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Linuxconf=Linuxconf
http://dbpedia.org/resource/JuK=JuK
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Puppy_Linux=Puppy Linux
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Netatalk=Netatalk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quartz_Compositor=Quartz Compositor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Domain_Technologie_Control=Domain Technologie Control
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vile_(editor)=Vile (editor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apple_Type_Services_for_Unicode_Imaging=Apple Type Services for Unicode Imaging
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GNU_MPFR=GNU MPFR
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BLAST_model_checker=BLAST model checker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/IBM_Workplace_OS=IBM Workplace OS
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ROOT=ROOT
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mental_Ray=Mental Ray
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Magnussoft_ZETA=Magnussoft ZETA
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Newton_OS=Newton OS
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GraphicsMagick=GraphicsMagick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Growl_(software)=Growl (software)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Basilisk_II=Basilisk II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/KSEG_(software)=KSEG (software)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tlen.pl=Tlen.pl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oracle_Grid_Engine=Oracle Grid Engine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Elder_Scrolls_Construction_Set=The Elder Scrolls Construction Set
http://dbpedia.org/resource/OpenGL_User_Interface_Library=OpenGL User Interface Library
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arpwatch=Arpwatch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AVG_(software)=AVG (software)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microsoft_Macro_Assembler=Microsoft Macro Assembler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cairo_(graphics)=Cairo (graphics)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Objecteering=Objecteering
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Le_Lisp=Le Lisp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Terminal_(OS_X)=Terminal (OS X)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/APT-RPM=APT-RPM
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norton_AntiVirus=Norton AntiVirus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DOSEMU=DOSEMU
http://dbpedia.org/resource/OpenCanvas=OpenCanvas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amarok_(software)=Amarok (software)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/OsCommerce=OsCommerce
http://dbpedia.org/resource/WxPython=WxPython
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dietlibc=Dietlibc
http://dbpedia.org/resource/WavPack=WavPack
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Synchronet=Synchronet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microsoft_Dynamics_NAV=Microsoft Dynamics NAV
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lftp=Lftp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DPVS=DPVS
http://dbpedia.org/resource/FLUID=FLUID
http://dbpedia.org/resource/FreeJ=FreeJ
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wildmat=Wildmat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Turkix=Turkix
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GNU_Radio=GNU Radio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kile=Kile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AdvanceCOMP=AdvanceCOMP
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BSD/OS=BSD/OS
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NuCalc=NuCalc
http://dbpedia.org/resource/OpenTracker=OpenTracker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GNOME-DB=GNOME-DB
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bryce_(software)=Bryce (software)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Revolution_X=Revolution X
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mailx=Mailx
http://dbpedia.org/resource/HSQLDB=HSQLDB
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ACID_Pro=ACID Pro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/FLEX_(operating_system)=FLEX (operating system)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lzop=Lzop
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CFEngine=CFEngine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SquirrelMail=SquirrelMail
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GNU_Scientific_Library=GNU Scientific Library
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Krusader=Krusader
http://dbpedia.org/resource/VidaLinux=VidaLinux
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_Control_Service_Element=Association Control Service Element
http://dbpedia.org/resource/JasPer=JasPer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Multi_Router_Traffic_Grapher=Multi Router Traffic Grapher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/FileZilla=FileZilla
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cloop=Cloop
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MaxDB=MaxDB
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xara_Photo_&_Graphic_Designer=Xara Photo & Graphic Designer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Corel_Linux=Corel Linux
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MusE=MusE
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microsoft_Project=Microsoft Project
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Linux_Virtual_Server=Linux Virtual Server
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SpywareBlaster=SpywareBlaster
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NaviServer=NaviServer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Automator_(software)=Automator (software)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BRL-CAD=BRL-CAD
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ffdshow=Ffdshow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Windows_Installer=Windows Installer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Snak=Snak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Worms_Armageddon=Worms Armageddon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thompson_shell=Thompson shell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crystal_Reports=Crystal Reports
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DC++=DC++
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gretl=Gretl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Allinea_Distributed_Debugging_Tool=Allinea Distributed Debugging Tool
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Suricata_(software)=Suricata (software)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Webmin=Webmin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Starry_Night_(planetarium_software)=Starry Night (planetarium software)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Conkeror=Conkeror
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SCons=SCons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flickr=Flickr
http://dbpedia.org/resource/OpenSolaris=OpenSolaris
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CruiseControl=CruiseControl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DTrace=DTrace
http://dbpedia.org/resource/IronPython=IronPython
http://dbpedia.org/resource/FlashGet=FlashGet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/LessTif=LessTif
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SpinRite=SpinRite
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ClanLib=ClanLib
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barbarian:_The_Ultimate_Warrior=Barbarian: The Ultimate Warrior
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Linux-VServer=Linux-VServer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/LUnix=LUnix
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xterm=Xterm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apache_Flex=Apache Flex
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PHP-GTK=PHP-GTK
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PowerDNS=PowerDNS
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Directory_Opus=Directory Opus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Red_Carpet_(software)=Red Carpet (software)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MySQL_Cluster=MySQL Cluster
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MiKTeX=MiKTeX
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reaktor=Reaktor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ChorusOS=ChorusOS
http://dbpedia.org/resource/EXist=EXist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stratus_VOS=Stratus VOS
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RMX_(operating_system)=RMX (operating system)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liferea=Liferea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hping=Hping
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Multi_Theft_Auto=Multi Theft Auto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GEOS_(16-bit_operating_system)=GEOS (16-bit operating system)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ERC_(software)=ERC (software)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quake_engine=Quake engine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tomboy_(software)=Tomboy (software)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ObjectDock=ObjectDock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Filesystem_in_Userspace=Filesystem in Userspace
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Qpsmtpd=Qpsmtpd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sguil=Sguil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/XORP=XORP
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pygame=Pygame
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apple_Pascal=Apple Pascal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Torque_(game_engine)=Torque (game engine)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CPanel=CPanel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SmoothWall=SmoothWall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Netscape_Portable_Runtime=Netscape Portable Runtime
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CryEngine=CryEngine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Netscape_Browser=Netscape Browser
http://dbpedia.org/resource/QCad=QCad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/X11vnc=X11vnc
http://dbpedia.org/resource/HeliOS=HeliOS
http://dbpedia.org/resource/JMonkey_Engine=JMonkey Engine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aliens_versus_Predator_2=Aliens versus Predator 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SUSE_Linux_Enterprise_Desktop=SUSE Linux Enterprise Desktop
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GPhoto=GPhoto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GFTP=GFTP
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Panorama_Tools=Panorama Tools
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glide_API=Glide API
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GNU_Zebra=GNU Zebra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Minimo=Minimo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lighttpd=Lighttpd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Avahi_(software)=Avahi (software)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Newlib=Newlib
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Software_design_document=Software design document
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gamebryo=Gamebryo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Postfix_(software)=Postfix (software)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Z/VM=Z/VM
http://dbpedia.org/resource/OpenGL_ES=OpenGL ES
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grail_(web_browser)=Grail (web browser)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carrier_Grade_Linux=Carrier Grade Linux
http://dbpedia.org/resource/WhatPulse=WhatPulse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/F_(programming_language)=F (programming language)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Share_(P2P)=Share (P2P)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microsoft_Office_XP=Microsoft Office XP
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sonique_(media_player)=Sonique (media player)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/International_Components_for_Unicode=International Components for Unicode
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Disposable_Soft_Synth_Interface=Disposable Soft Synth Interface
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nastran=Nastran
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crash_Bandicoot_2:_Cortex_Strikes_Back=Crash Bandicoot 2: Cortex Strikes Back
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GetRight=GetRight
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Internet_Download_Manager=Internet Download Manager
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paint.NET=Paint.NET
http://dbpedia.org/resource/UNIVAC_EXEC_I=UNIVAC EXEC I
http://dbpedia.org/resource/UNIVAC_EXEC_8=UNIVAC EXEC 8
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apache_Avalon=Apache Avalon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Unity_(video_game)=Unity (video game)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Java_Telephony_API=Java Telephony API
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TeXShop=TeXShop
http://dbpedia.org/resource/XeTeX=XeTeX
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mario's_Tennis=Mario's Tennis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grip_(software)=Grip (software)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dashboard_(Mac_OS)=Dashboard (Mac OS)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hibernate_(Java)=Hibernate (Java)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ventrilo=Ventrilo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SlipKnot_(web_browser)=SlipKnot (web browser)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Source_Code_Control_System=Source Code Control System
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apache_Maven=Apache Maven
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CA_Anti-Spyware=CA Anti-Spyware
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PLATO_(computational_chemistry)=PLATO (computational chemistry)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CGI.pm=CGI.pm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Denemo=Denemo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/4th_Dimension_(software)=4th Dimension (software)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/XMMS2=XMMS2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MicroC/OS-II=MicroC/OS-II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Avast!=Avast!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beyond_TV=Beyond TV
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Integrated_Data_Store=Integrated Data Store
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MIPS_RISC/os=MIPS RISC/os
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xsan=Xsan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Multi-Environment_Real-Time=Multi-Environment Real-Time
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Davfs2=Davfs2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SharpDevelop=SharpDevelop
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Windows_for_Pen_Computing=Windows for Pen Computing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kismet_(software)=Kismet (software)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Integrity_(operating_system)=Integrity (operating system)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Syberia=Syberia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Confessio=Confessio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/E_(programming_language)=E (programming language)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/HTTrack=HTTrack
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NX_technology=NX technology
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ecasound=Ecasound
http://dbpedia.org/resource/IWork=IWork
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ArtWorks=ArtWorks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Slapt-get=Slapt-get
http://dbpedia.org/resource/IText=IText
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atari_DOS=Atari DOS
http://dbpedia.org/resource/File_(command)=File (command)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hugin_(software)=Hugin (software)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DSniff=DSniff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stratagus=Stratagus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/FreqTweak=FreqTweak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Balsa_(email_client)=Balsa (email client)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GObject=GObject
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apple_Advanced_Typography=Apple Advanced Typography
http://dbpedia.org/resource/HTCondor=HTCondor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MPQC=MPQC
http://dbpedia.org/resource/X264=X264
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Google_File_System=Google File System
http://dbpedia.org/resource/IDMS=IDMS
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ruby_on_Rails=Ruby on Rails
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rockbox=Rockbox
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Minicom=Minicom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anim8or=Anim8or
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GNAT_Programming_Studio=GNAT Programming Studio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ADO.NET=ADO.NET
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MoonEdit=MoonEdit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quake_Army_Knife=Quake Army Knife
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wajig=Wajig
http://dbpedia.org/resource/OpenSceneGraph=OpenSceneGraph
http://dbpedia.org/resource/General_Algebraic_Modeling_System=General Algebraic Modeling System
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ambient_(desktop_environment)=Ambient (desktop environment)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norton_Internet_Security=Norton Internet Security
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RenderMan_(software)=RenderMan (software)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kontact=Kontact
http://dbpedia.org/resource/StarTeam=StarTeam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Java_OpenGL=Java OpenGL
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microsoft_OneNote=Microsoft OneNote
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Autodesk_Animator=Autodesk Animator
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Muine=Muine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cyrus_IMAP_server=Cyrus IMAP server
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DOS_Navigator=DOS Navigator
http://dbpedia.org/resource/QEMU=QEMU
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gentoox=Gentoox
http://dbpedia.org/resource/IPodLinux=IPodLinux
http://dbpedia.org/resource/EAGLE_(program)=EAGLE (program)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Direct_Rendering_Manager=Direct Rendering Manager
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Capella_(notation_program)=Capella (notation program)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cream_(software)=Cream (software)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/IMUSE=IMUSE
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Croquet_Project=Croquet Project
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Airtime=Airtime
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Domain/OS=Domain/OS
http://dbpedia.org/resource/JRiver_Media_Center=JRiver Media Center
http://dbpedia.org/resource/LDE(X)=LDE(X)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lucid_(programming_language)=Lucid (programming language)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AutoHotkey=AutoHotkey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Delicious_Library=Delicious Library
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GLib=GLib
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roadwar_2000=Roadwar 2000
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tgif_(program)=Tgif (program)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Final_Cut_Express=Final Cut Express
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Palace_(computer_program)=The Palace (computer program)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microsoft_Neptune=Microsoft Neptune
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mesa_(computer_graphics)=Mesa (computer graphics)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GNAVI=GNAVI
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scientific_Linux=Scientific Linux
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sound_Juicer=Sound Juicer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/OGRE=OGRE
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PCBoard=PCBoard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hula_(software)=Hula (software)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Evince=Evince
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TerraLib=TerraLib
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Multiuser_DOS=Multiuser DOS
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Logic_Pro=Logic Pro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Snake_Rattle_'n'_Roll=Snake Rattle 'n' Roll
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Google_Videos=Google Videos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/THE_multiprogramming_system=THE multiprogramming system
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chandler_(software)=Chandler (software)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colloquy_(software)=Colloquy (software)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kino_(software)=Kino (software)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bump_'n'_Jump=Bump 'n' Jump
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Libvisual=Libvisual
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Valve_Hammer_Editor=Valve Hammer Editor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Virtual_Advanced=Virtual Advanced
http://dbpedia.org/resource/FVWM95=FVWM95
http://dbpedia.org/resource/UNIX/32V=UNIX/32V
http://dbpedia.org/resource/WindowBlinds=WindowBlinds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Menuconfig=Menuconfig
http://dbpedia.org/resource/XDarwin=XDarwin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RocketMail=RocketMail
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Synthesia=Synthesia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rhapsody_(operating_system)=Rhapsody (operating system)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ActiveSync=ActiveSync
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coreboot=Coreboot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jikes=Jikes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Psyco=Psyco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carnival_(video_game)=Carnival (video game)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SMPEG=SMPEG
http://dbpedia.org/resource/List_of_user_interface_markup_languages=List of user interface markup languages
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Impossible_Mission=Impossible Mission
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Google_Talk=Google Talk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/OpenLaszlo=OpenLaszlo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BitlBee=BitlBee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xgl=Xgl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SCO_OpenServer=SCO OpenServer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DownloadStudio=DownloadStudio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kubuntu=Kubuntu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Smart_Common_Input_Method=Smart Common Input Method
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SeaMonkey=SeaMonkey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SunView=SunView
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SecuROM=SecuROM
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SafeDisc=SafeDisc
http://dbpedia.org/resource/StarForce=StarForce
http://dbpedia.org/resource/VectorLinux=VectorLinux
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pontis=Pontis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Netscape_(version_7)=Netscape (version 7)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Radio_UserLand=Radio UserLand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microsoft_Dynamics_AX=Microsoft Dynamics AX
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Surfraw=Surfraw
http://dbpedia.org/resource/OpenFX=OpenFX
http://dbpedia.org/resource/OpenWindows=OpenWindows
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TestNG=TestNG
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PeerGuardian=PeerGuardian
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Legend_of_Zelda:_Twilight_Princess=The Legend of Zelda: Twilight Princess
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xfire=Xfire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PowerBuilder=PowerBuilder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mk_(software)=Mk (software)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Libdvdcss=Libdvdcss
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Major_BBS=The Major BBS
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RasMol=RasMol
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kexi=Kexi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reality_Lab=Reality Lab
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MSAV=MSAV
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Linux_for_PlayStation_2=Linux for PlayStation 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cdparanoia=Cdparanoia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ADOdb=ADOdb
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Getmail=Getmail
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Essbase=Essbase
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GEOS_(8-bit_operating_system)=GEOS (8-bit operating system)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/KDbg=KDbg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Webalizer=Webalizer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/EComStation=EComStation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hessling_Editor=The Hessling Editor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grafedia=Grafedia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/FreeS/WAN=FreeS/WAN
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cyclos=Cyclos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Natural_Language_Toolkit=Natural Language Toolkit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mac_OS_X_Server_1.0=Mac OS X Server 1.0
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paessler_Router_Traffic_Grapher=Paessler Router Traffic Grapher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/FlexWiki=FlexWiki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GPHPedit=GPHPedit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CoCoA=CoCoA
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Javac=Javac
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SUPER-UX=SUPER-UX
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AutoKey=AutoKey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DiscJuggler=DiscJuggler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spring_(operating_system)=Spring (operating system)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vocaloid=Vocaloid
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alien_(software)=Alien (software)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cray_Time_Sharing_System=Cray Time Sharing System
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MusikCube=MusikCube
http://dbpedia.org/resource/WinSCP=WinSCP
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Linux_Desktop_Testing_Project=Linux Desktop Testing Project
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monotone_(software)=Monotone (software)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Playboy:_The_Mansion=Playboy: The Mansion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uniform_Driver_Interface=Uniform Driver Interface
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Perl_Compatible_Regular_Expressions=Perl Compatible Regular Expressions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/FlashPaper=FlashPaper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adobe_Flash_Player=Adobe Flash Player
http://dbpedia.org/resource/IBM_WebSphere_Application_Server=IBM WebSphere Application Server
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apple_Remote_Desktop=Apple Remote Desktop
http://dbpedia.org/resource/FlashGot=FlashGot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SWI-Prolog=SWI-Prolog
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ViewSheet=ViewSheet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/VueScan=VueScan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glider_PRO=Glider PRO
http://dbpedia.org/resource/UNIX_System_III=UNIX System III
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ScrollKeeper=ScrollKeeper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/UPX=UPX
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Outlook_Web_App=Outlook Web App
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SCIgen=SCIgen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Visual_Prolog=Visual Prolog
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Generic_Mapping_Tools=Generic Mapping Tools
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Project64=Project64
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Slackpkg=Slackpkg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/QuickPar=QuickPar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maypole_framework=Maypole framework
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elvis_(text_editor)=Elvis (text editor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/HP_WinRunner=HP WinRunner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Git_(software)=Git (software)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Minitab=Minitab
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gorm_(computing)=Gorm (computing)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Open_Dynamics_Engine=Open Dynamics Engine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lustre_(file_system)=Lustre (file system)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Software_wars=Software wars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Journey_(1989_video_game)=Journey (1989 video game)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ezmlm=Ezmlm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Poedit=Poedit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gtkpod=Gtkpod
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jarte=Jarte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apache_Beehive=Apache Beehive
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NetSurf=NetSurf
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Twisted_(software)=Twisted (software)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Windows_Template_Library=Windows Template Library
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arachnophilia=Arachnophilia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/HotSpot=HotSpot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GNU_Data_Language=GNU Data Language
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TortoiseCVS=TortoiseCVS
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eric_Python_IDE=Eric Python IDE
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ALGOL_68C=ALGOL 68C
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PHP-Fusion=PHP-Fusion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gajim=Gajim
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apache_Portable_Runtime=Apache Portable Runtime
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Launchd=Launchd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/InnoDB=InnoDB
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MacPorts=MacPorts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PDFCreator=PDFCreator
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dar_(disk_archiver)=Dar (disk archiver)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GNU_Readline=GNU Readline
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hoard_memory_allocator=Hoard memory allocator
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SAGA_GIS=SAGA GIS
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Virtual_Theatre=Virtual Theatre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Connotea=Connotea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adblock_Plus=Adblock Plus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Password_Safe=Password Safe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BrickOS=BrickOS
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Font_Book=Font Book
