http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrei_Tarkovsky=Andrei Tarkovsky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfred_Korzybski=Alfred Korzybski
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Attila=Attila
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfred_Hitchcock=Alfred Hitchcock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfred_Nobel=Alfred Nobel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_Graham_Bell=Alexander Graham Bell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Akira_Kurosawa=Akira Kurosawa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arne_Kaijser=Arne Kaijser
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alvin_Toffler=Alvin Toffler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albert_Speer=Albert Speer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ada_Lovelace=Ada Lovelace
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anatoly_Karpov=Anatoly Karpov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aristophanes=Aristophanes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Avicenna=Avicenna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aleister_Crowley=Aleister Crowley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antoninus_Pius=Antoninus Pius
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfred_Lawson=Alfred Lawson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ambrose=Ambrose
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amalaric=Amalaric
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amos_Bronson_Alcott=Amos Bronson Alcott
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antonio_Vivaldi=Antonio Vivaldi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alain_de_Lille=Alain de Lille
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albert_of_Mainz=Albert of Mainz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Agathon=Agathon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_Emanuel_Agassiz=Alexander Emanuel Agassiz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antonio_Agliardi=Antonio Agliardi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Agesilaus_II=Agesilaus II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aimoin=Aimoin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alaric_II=Alaric II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alcaeus_of_Mytilene=Alcaeus of Mytilene
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alcamenes=Alcamenes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alboin=Alboin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Afonso_de_Albuquerque=Afonso de Albuquerque
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_Balas=Alexander Balas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_of_Pherae=Alexander of Pherae
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_Severus=Alexander Severus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_Aetolus=Alexander Aetolus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexis_(poet)=Alexis (poet)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexios_I_Komnenos=Alexios I Komnenos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrew_Jackson=Andrew Jackson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrew_Johnson=Andrew Johnson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alypius_of_Antioch=Alypius of Antioch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alyattes_of_Lydia=Alyattes of Lydia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amalric_of_Bena=Amalric of Bena
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amara_Sinha=Amara Sinha
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfonso_II_of_Asturias=Alfonso II of Asturias
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfonso_the_Battler=Alfonso the Battler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amasis_II=Amasis II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/August_Wilhelm_Ambros=August Wilhelm Ambros
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfred_of_Beverley=Alfred of Beverley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Autpert_Ambrose=Autpert Ambrose
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ammonius_Hermiae=Ammonius Hermiae
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amyntas_III_of_Macedon=Amyntas III of Macedon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anaximenes_of_Lampsacus=Anaximenes of Lampsacus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_Anderson_(mathematician)=Alexander Anderson (mathematician)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrea_Andreani=Andrea Andreani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andocides=Andocides
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ammianus_Marcellinus=Ammianus Marcellinus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apuleius=Apuleius
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_Selkirk=Alexander Selkirk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amitabh_Bachchan=Amitabh Bachchan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anthemius_of_Tralles=Anthemius of Tralles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Absalon=Absalon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alphonse,_Count_of_Poitiers=Alphonse, Count of Poitiers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfonso_Jordan=Alfonso Jordan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ambroise=Ambroise
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adhemar_of_Le_Puy=Adhemar of Le Puy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrew_Carnegie=Andrew Carnegie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andreas_Capellanus=Andreas Capellanus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrea_Alciato=Andrea Alciato
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abel_Tasman=Abel Tasman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aeschylus=Aeschylus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/August_Horch=August Horch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amerigo_Vespucci=Amerigo Vespucci
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrew_Tridgell=Andrew Tridgell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aaliyah=Aaliyah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abdulaziz_al-Omari=Abdulaziz al-Omari
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antonio_Salieri=Antonio Salieri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anton_Diabelli=Anton Diabelli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anita_Hill=Anita Hill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfonso_Leng=Alfonso Leng
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Avery_Hopwood=Avery Hopwood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antipope_Felix_II=Antipope Felix II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alessandro_Scarlatti=Alessandro Scarlatti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andreas_Aagesen=Andreas Aagesen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Akio_Morita=Akio Morita
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ardal_O'Hanlon=Ardal O'Hanlon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anthony_Hopkins=Anthony Hopkins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alban_Berg=Alban Berg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albrecht_Altdorfer=Albrecht Altdorfer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Agostino_Carracci=Agostino Carracci
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adam_of_Bremen=Adam of Bremen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arthur_Phillip=Arthur Phillip
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abba_Mari=Abba Mari
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Abbot_(bishop)=George Abbot (bishop)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aedesius=Aedesius
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arthur_St._Clair=Arthur St. Clair
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abba_Arika=Abba Arika
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abbahu=Abbahu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abd_al-Latif_al-Baghdadi_(medieval_writer)=Abd al-Latif al-Baghdadi (medieval writer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abd_ar-Rahman_IV=Abd ar-Rahman IV
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arthur_J._Stone=Arthur J. Stone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adam_Carolla=Adam Carolla
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aelbert_Cuyp=Aelbert Cuyp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aron_Nimzowitsch=Aron Nimzowitsch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abraham_Joshua_Heschel=Abraham Joshua Heschel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amanda_Hesser=Amanda Hesser
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_of_Hales=Alexander of Hales
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Augustine_of_Canterbury=Augustine of Canterbury
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Agner_Krarup_Erlang=Agner Krarup Erlang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ariel_Sharon=Ariel Sharon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adrian_Lamo=Adrian Lamo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ann_Druyan=Ann Druyan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexey_Pajitnov=Alexey Pajitnov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abu_al-Faraj_al-Isfahani=Abu al-Faraj al-Isfahani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Al_Capp=Al Capp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albert_Brooks=Albert Brooks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angela_Vincent=Angela Vincent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Akira_Toriyama=Akira Toriyama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abu_Zubaydah=Abu Zubaydah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adolphe_Sax=Adolphe Sax
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adin_Steinsaltz=Adin Steinsaltz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ahmed_al-Haznawi=Ahmed al-Haznawi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ahmed_al-Nami=Ahmed al-Nami
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Britney_Spears=Britney Spears
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gautama_Buddha=Gautama Buddha
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bill_Gates=Bill Gates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bal_Thackeray=Bal Thackeray
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bille_August=Bille August
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bud_Spencer=Bud Spencer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brigitte_Bardot=Brigitte Bardot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bruce_Perens=Bruce Perens
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bill_Watterson=Bill Watterson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buckminster_Fuller=Buckminster Fuller
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bertrand_Andrieu=Bertrand Andrieu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bartolomeo_Ammannati=Bartolomeo Ammannati
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blythe_Danner=Blythe Danner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bill_Atkinson=Bill Atkinson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bill_Schelter=Bill Schelter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Berry_Berenson=Berry Berenson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barbara_Olson=Barbara Olson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bernardino_Ochino=Bernardino Ochino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brian_De_Palma=Brian De Palma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bodhidharma=Bodhidharma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bob_Frankston=Bob Frankston
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Billy_Bob_Thornton=Billy Bob Thornton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boudica=Boudica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Burt_Lancaster=Burt Lancaster
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blackbeard=Blackbeard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bud_Selig=Bud Selig
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Burhanuddin_Rabbani=Burhanuddin Rabbani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bill_Oddie=Bill Oddie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bill_Holbrook=Bill Holbrook
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bruce_Campbell=Bruce Campbell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bob_Young_(businessman)=Bob Young (businessman)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bill_Macy=Bill Macy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bob_Costas=Bob Costas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bill_Mumy=Bill Mumy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barney_Bubbles=Barney Bubbles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bill_Bixby=Bill Bixby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bela_Lugosi=Bela Lugosi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brigham_Young=Brigham Young
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charlize_Theron=Charlize Theron
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charlie_Chaplin=Charlie Chaplin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christopher_Columbus=Christopher Columbus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caspar_David_Friedrich=Caspar David Friedrich
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Courtney_Love=Courtney Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Catullus=Catullus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clement_Attlee=Clement Attlee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Craig_Charles=Craig Charles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Tupper=Charles Tupper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Calvin_and_Hobbes=Calvin and Hobbes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christoph_Ludwig_Agricola=Christoph Ludwig Agricola
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cecil_B._DeMille=Cecil B. DeMille
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Constantin_von_Tischendorf=Constantin von Tischendorf
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Ancillon=Charles Ancillon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clark_Ashton_Smith=Clark Ashton Smith
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Claudio_Monteverdi=Claudio Monteverdi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Baxter_(author)=Charles Baxter (author)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Claude_Debussy=Claude Debussy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carolyn_Beug=Carolyn Beug
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clement_Martyn_Doke=Clement Martyn Doke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_Meinhof=Carl Meinhof
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Farrar_Browne=Charles Farrar Browne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Proteus_Steinmetz=Charles Proteus Steinmetz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Claude_Monet=Claude Monet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_McCarry=Charles McCarry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Claus_Sluter=Claus Sluter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clyde_Tombaugh=Clyde Tombaugh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christian_of_Oliva=Christian of Oliva
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chris_Marker=Chris Marker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Constantius_II=Constantius II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colin_Kapp=Colin Kapp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cimabue=Cimabue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caitlin_Clarke=Caitlin Clarke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cotton_Mather=Cotton Mather
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cordwainer_Smith=Cordwainer Smith
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Kidd=William Kidd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Evers=Charles Evers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chris_Sarandon=Chris Sarandon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cary_Elwes=Cary Elwes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christopher_Guest=Christopher Guest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carol_Kane=Carol Kane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_d'Abancour=Charles d'Abancour
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Claudius_Aelianus=Claudius Aelianus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Constantine_II_(emperor)=Constantine II (emperor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Corrado_Gini=Corrado Gini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Constantine_the_Great=Constantine the Great
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clive_Anderson=Clive Anderson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Calista_Flockhart=Calista Flockhart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Evans_Hughes=Charles Evans Hughes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chaim_Topol=Chaim Topol
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christopher_Alexander=Christopher Alexander
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crystal_Eastman=Crystal Eastman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christine_de_Pizan=Christine de Pizan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clarence_Brown=Clarence Brown
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Claude_Piron=Claude Piron
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clara_Petacci=Clara Petacci
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Camilla_Hall=Camilla Hall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Amazing_Criswell=The Amazing Criswell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/D._W._Griffith=D. W. Griffith
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Drew_Barrymore=Drew Barrymore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Cronenberg=David Cronenberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Lynch=David Lynch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Thompson_(explorer)=David Thompson (explorer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Fincher=David Fincher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dr._Dre=Dr. Dre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dave_Grohl=Dave Grohl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Desmond_Morris=Desmond Morris
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Domenico_Alberti=Domenico Alberti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doris_Day=Doris Day
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Delroy_Lindo=Delroy Lindo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Janssen=David Janssen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diego_de_Almagro=Diego de Almagro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Danny_Elfman=Danny Elfman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Hayes_Agnew=David Hayes Agnew
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diedrich_Hermann_Westermann=Diedrich Hermann Westermann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Angell=David Angell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dwight_Schultz=Dwight Schultz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dwight_L._Moody=Dwight L. Moody
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Draco_(lawgiver)=Draco (lawgiver)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arthur_Wellesley,_1st_Duke_of_Wellington=Arthur Wellesley, 1st Duke of Wellington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dmitri_Shostakovich=Dmitri Shostakovich
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diocletian=Diocletian
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stephen_Donaldson_(activist)=Stephen Donaldson (activist)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daniel_Jones_(phonetician)=Daniel Jones (phonetician)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dava_Sobel=Dava Sobel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dave_Winer=Dave Winer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dirk_Benedict=Dirk Benedict
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Desi_Arnaz=Desi Arnaz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dennis_Hopper=Dennis Hopper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Bowie=David Bowie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/D._B._Cooper=D. B. Cooper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Domitius_Afer=Domitius Afer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Abercromby=David Abercromby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dionysius_Thrax=Dionysius Thrax
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dziga_Vertov=Dziga Vertov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Huffman=David Huffman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dunstan=Dunstan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Danny_Kaye=Danny Kaye
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dana_Plato=Dana Plato
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dave_Thomas_(businessperson)=Dave Thomas (businessperson)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diophantus=Diophantus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don_Tennant=Don Tennant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dean_Kamen=Dean Kamen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dolores_Fuller=Dolores Fuller
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Donald_Campbell=Donald Campbell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Erasmus_Darwin=Erasmus Darwin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elvis_Presley=Elvis Presley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Errol_Morris=Errol Morris
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ernest_Hemingway=Ernest Hemingway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eric_S._Raymond=Eric S. Raymond
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edvard_Grieg=Edvard Grieg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/E._E._Cummings=E. E. Cummings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Einhard=Einhard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Erasmus_Alberus=Erasmus Alberus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eusebius_Amort=Eusebius Amort
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eden_Phillpotts=Eden Phillpotts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/E._B._White=E. B. White
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Erin_Brockovich=Erin Brockovich
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Euripides=Euripides
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ennius=Ennius
http://dbpedia.org/resource/E._E._Smith=E. E. Smith
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elijah=Elijah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eubulides=Eubulides
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ed_Sullivan=Ed Sullivan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Erik_Satie=Erik Satie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ettore_Ximenes=Ettore Ximenes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elizabeth_Gracen=Elizabeth Gracen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Elgar=Edward Elgar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edwin_Abbott_Abbott=Edwin Abbott Abbott
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emma_Abbott=Emma Abbott
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ezra_Abbot=Ezra Abbot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elias_Boudinot=Elias Boudinot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_de_Vere,_17th_Earl_of_Oxford=Edward de Vere, 17th Earl of Oxford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eusebius_of_Alexandria=Eusebius of Alexandria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eusebius_of_Angers=Eusebius of Angers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eusebius=Eusebius
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eusebius_of_Nicomedia=Eusebius of Nicomedia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hirohito=Hirohito
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elbridge_Gerry=Elbridge Gerry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edwin_Howard_Armstrong=Edwin Howard Armstrong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ellen_van_Langen=Ellen van Langen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eric_Cheney=Eric Cheney
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Bulwer-Lytton=Edward Bulwer-Lytton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eve_Arden=Eve Arden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emperor_Heizei=Emperor Heizei
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elyssa_Davalos=Elyssa Davalos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eduardo_Blasco_Ferrer=Eduardo Blasco Ferrer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eli_Wallach=Eli Wallach
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ed_Wood=Ed Wood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francis_Ford_Coppola=Francis Ford Coppola
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Franz_Kafka=Franz Kafka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/FM-2030=FM-2030
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francis_Scott_Key=Francis Scott Key
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fay_Wray=Fay Wray
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fred_Hoyle=Fred Hoyle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francesco_Algarotti=Francesco Algarotti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francesco_Andreini=Francesco Andreini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frederick_Douglass=Frederick Douglass
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fabritio_Caroso=Fabritio Caroso
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frederick_Copleston=Frederick Copleston
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frank_Sinatra=Frank Sinatra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fabio_Taglioni=Fabio Taglioni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frank_Capra=Frank Capra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fra_Bartolomeo=Fra Bartolomeo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francis_van_Aarssens=Francis van Aarssens
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francis_Drake=Francis Drake
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fred_Savage=Fred Savage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frances_Abington=Frances Abington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francesco_I_Sforza=Francesco I Sforza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fritz_Lang=Fritz Lang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Franklin_J._Schaffner=Franklin J. Schaffner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Franz_Boas=Franz Boas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Freddy_Heineken=Freddy Heineken
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fred_Singer=Fred Singer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Forrest_J_Ackerman=Forrest J Ackerman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Franz_Schmidt=Franz Schmidt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Federico_Fellini=Federico Fellini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fridtjof_Nansen=Fridtjof Nansen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Lucas=George Lucas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gene_Kelly=Gene Kelly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gary_Coleman=Gary Coleman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gustave_Eiffel=Gustave Eiffel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gilbert_Cesbron=Gilbert Cesbron
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Galen=Galen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Garry_Trudeau=Garry Trudeau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gioachino_Rossini=Gioachino Rossini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gregor_Aichinger=Gregor Aichinger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giulio_Alberoni=Giulio Alberoni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Galeazzo_Alessi=Galeazzo Alessi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Girolamo_Aleandro=Girolamo Aleandro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giulio_Alenio=Giulio Alenio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gregorio_Allegri=Gregorio Allegri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giovanni_d'Andrea=Giovanni d'Andrea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gerald_Schroeder=Gerald Schroeder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Peppard=George Peppard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gene_Hackman=Gene Hackman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Stephenson=George Stephenson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gary_North_(economist)=Gary North (economist)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gerrit_Rietveld=Gerrit Rietveld
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gallienus=Gallienus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guy_Fawkes=Guy Fawkes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gary_Kildall=Gary Kildall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giacomo_Puccini=Giacomo Puccini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Cukor=George Cukor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giovanni_Pierluigi_da_Palestrina=Giovanni Pierluigi da Palestrina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Frideric_Handel=George Frideric Handel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gavin_MacLeod=Gavin MacLeod
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gerard_Hengeveld=Gerard Hengeveld
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Geoffrey_Chaucer=Geoffrey Chaucer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gerald_Gardner_(Wiccan)=Gerald Gardner (Wiccan)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grigori_Rasputin=Grigori Rasputin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gustav_Radbruch=Gustav Radbruch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Garry_Kasparov=Garry Kasparov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Abbot_(author)=George Abbot (author)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Vancouver=George Vancouver
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Robert_Aberigh-Mackay=George Robert Aberigh-Mackay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Hamilton-Gordon,_4th_Earl_of_Aberdeen=George Hamilton-Gordon, 4th Earl of Aberdeen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francis_Gary_Powers=Francis Gary Powers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grigory_Barenblatt=Grigory Barenblatt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giordano_Bruno=Giordano Bruno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gasparo_Contarini=Gasparo Contarini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giuseppe_Verdi=Giuseppe Verdi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Washington_Carver=George Washington Carver
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gavrilo_Princip=Gavrilo Princip
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_S._Kaufman=George S. Kaufman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Graham_Chapman=Graham Chapman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gary_Busey=Gary Busey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gordon_Michael_Woolvett=Gordon Michael Woolvett
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georg_Philipp_Telemann=Georg Philipp Telemann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Gershwin=George Gershwin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Goren=Charles Goren
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Frederick,_Margrave_of_Brandenburg-Ansbach=George Frederick, Margrave of Brandenburg-Ansbach
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gilgamesh=Gilgamesh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gene_Roddenberry=Gene Roddenberry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Howard_Hawks=Howard Hawks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Mayhew=Henry Mayhew
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Ford=Henry Ford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Horace_Engdahl=Horace Engdahl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harald_Tveit_Alvestrand=Harald Tveit Alvestrand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hans_Gerhard_Creutzfeldt=Hans Gerhard Creutzfeldt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hippocrates=Hippocrates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Bordeaux=Henry Bordeaux
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Herodotus=Herodotus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hugo_de_Garis=Hugo de Garis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Huldrych_Zwingli=Huldrych Zwingli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hipparchus=Hipparchus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hadrian=Hadrian
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Ainsworth=Henry Ainsworth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hans-Dietrich_Genscher=Hans-Dietrich Genscher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hesiod=Hesiod
http://dbpedia.org/resource/H._R._Giger=H. R. Giger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Halle_Berry=Halle Berry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henri_Chopin=Henri Chopin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hilaire_Rouelle=Hilaire Rouelle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harold_Holt=Harold Holt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_J._Heinz=Henry J. Heinz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hani_Hanjour=Hani Hanjour
http://dbpedia.org/resource/W._Heath_Robinson=W. Heath Robinson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hannibal=Hannibal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heraclius=Heraclius
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Herman_Hollerith=Herman Hollerith
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hannibal_Hamlin=Hannibal Hamlin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harold_Kushner=Harold Kushner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Helen_Gandy=Helen Gandy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harry_Secombe=Harry Secombe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Humphrey_Bogart=Humphrey Bogart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hugh_Binning=Hugh Binning
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Home,_Lord_Kames=Henry Home, Lord Kames
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hendrick_Avercamp=Hendrick Avercamp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Howard_Hughes=Howard Hughes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Purcell=Henry Purcell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hartmann_Schedel=Hartmann Schedel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heinrich_Abeken=Heinrich Abeken
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Bruce,_1st_Baron_Aberdare=Henry Bruce, 1st Baron Aberdare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hugh_Hefner=Hugh Hefner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harry_Shearer=Harry Shearer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hammurabi=Hammurabi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Herman_Charles_Bosman=Herman Charles Bosman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Huneric=Huneric
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heather_Fargo=Heather Fargo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harry_Kroto=Harry Kroto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Irina_Krush=Irina Krush
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Izabella_Scorupco=Izabella Scorupco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ingmar_Bergman=Ingmar Bergman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ian_Murdock=Ian Murdock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isaac_Ambrose=Isaac Ambrose
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ictinus=Ictinus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ivo_Caprino=Ivo Caprino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isaac_Bonewits=Isaac Bonewits
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ismail_Khan=Ismail Khan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ibn_Battuta=Ibn Battuta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isaac_Abendana=Isaac Abendana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ian_McKellen=Ian McKellen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isaac_Klein=Isaac Klein
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isabella_d'Este=Isabella d'Este
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ibn_al-Shaykh_al-Libi=Ibn al-Shaykh al-Libi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isaac_Stern=Isaac Stern
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Woo=John Woo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joshua_Jackson=Joshua Jackson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Joyce=James Joyce
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Cameron=James Cameron
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Baskerville=John Baskerville
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Cook=James Cook
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Jacob_Astor=John Jacob Astor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Wyndham=John Wyndham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Quincy_Adams=John Quincy Adams
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jan_Berglin=Jan Berglin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacques_Mayol=Jacques Mayol
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johannes_Gutenberg=Johannes Gutenberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Josef_Terboven=Josef Terboven
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joyce_K._Reynolds=Joyce K. Reynolds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jim_Jarmusch=Jim Jarmusch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coen_brothers=Coen brothers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jane_Austen=Jane Austen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack_Lemmon=Jack Lemmon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_Cocteau=Jean Cocteau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Lennon=John Lennon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Cleese=John Cleese
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Judah_the_Prince=Judah the Prince
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Graves_Simcoe=John Graves Simcoe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Wilkes_Booth=John Wilkes Booth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Calvin=John Calvin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Newton=John Newton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack_L._Chalker=Jack L. Chalker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Madison=James Madison
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Friedrich_Agricola=Johann Friedrich Agricola
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jakob_Abbadie=Jakob Abbadie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johannes_Agricola=Johannes Agricola
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Georg_Albrechtsberger=Johann Georg Albrechtsberger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Alden=John Alden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_K._Polk=James K. Polk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Heinrich_Alsted=Johann Heinrich Alsted
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_Joseph_Marie_Amiot=Jean Joseph Marie Amiot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacob_Anatoli=Jacob Anatoli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Severn=Joseph Severn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jonathan_Demme=Jonathan Demme
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Cagney=James Cagney
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Hagelin=John Hagelin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Whale=James Whale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jan_Karon=Jan Karon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Haydn=Joseph Haydn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Janet_Reno=Janet Reno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Sayles=John Sayles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johnny_Haynes=Johnny Haynes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Spader=James Spader
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Wayne=John Wayne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack_Butler_Yeats=Jack Butler Yeats
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jonathan_Meades=Jonathan Meades
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Engler=John Engler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jennifer_Lopez=Jennifer Lopez
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jane_Shore=Jane Shore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Gurney_Cannon=Joseph Gurney Cannon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Tobias_Krebs=Johann Tobias Krebs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joris_Ivens=Joris Ivens
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Cotten=Joseph Cotten
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jerome_Kern=Jerome Kern
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jim_Henson=Jim Henson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jim_Bakker=Jim Bakker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Fink=John Fink
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacques_Cousteau=Jacques Cousteau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_von_Werth=Johann von Werth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack_Ruby=Jack Ruby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Cade=John Cade
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Stewart=James Stewart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Randi=James Randi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Josiah_Wedgwood=Josiah Wedgwood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joachim_III_Frederick,_Elector_of_Brandenburg=Joachim III Frederick, Elector of Brandenburg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Sigismund,_Elector_of_Brandenburg=John Sigismund, Elector of Brandenburg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Julian_(emperor)=Julian (emperor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacques_Callot=Jacques Callot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Dowland=John Dowland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_James_Audubon=John James Audubon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johannes_Brahms=Johannes Brahms
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boulting_brothers=Boulting brothers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Friedrich_Endersch=Johann Friedrich Endersch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Frankenheimer=John Frankenheimer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Jellicoe,_1st_Earl_Jellicoe=John Jellicoe, 1st Earl Jellicoe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Stevens_Cabot_Abbott=John Stevens Cabot Abbott
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Hanson=John Hanson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Philipp_Abelin=Johann Philipp Abelin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacob_Abendana=Jacob Abendana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Abercrombie_(physician)=John Abercrombie (physician)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Hamilton,_1st_Earl_of_Abercorn=James Hamilton, 1st Earl of Abercorn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Abernethy_(surgeon)=John Abernethy (surgeon)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jan_van_Goyen=Jan van Goyen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Tetzel=Johann Tetzel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Justus=Justus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Scarlett,_1st_Baron_Abinger=James Scarlett, 1st Baron Abinger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rumi=Rumi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joachim_I_Nestor,_Elector_of_Brandenburg=Joachim I Nestor, Elector of Brandenburg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacob_Neusner=Jacob Neusner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_Richard=Jean Richard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Japheth=Japheth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Ashcroft=John Ashcroft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Julian_Jaynes=Julian Jaynes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joe_Orton=Joe Orton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jason_Alexander=Jason Alexander
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joel_Marangella=Joel Marangella
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jan_Borukowski=Jan Borukowski
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Josephus=Josephus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jerry_Falwell=Jerry Falwell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Adams_(composer)=John Adams (composer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Sutter=John Sutter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jon_Voight=Jon Voight
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jerome_Callet=Jerome Callet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Homann=Johann Homann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Akii-Bua=John Akii-Bua
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_L._Jones=James L. Jones
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Julia_Roberts=Julia Roberts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johnny_Weissmuller=Johnny Weissmuller
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack_Kirby=Jack Kirby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Stauber=John Stauber
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_P._Hogan_(writer)=James P. Hogan (writer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jim_Flynn_(academic)=Jim Flynn (academic)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Hay=John Hay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jasmuheen=Jasmuheen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keanu_Reeves=Keanu Reeves
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kurt_Cobain=Kurt Cobain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kul_Tigin=Kul Tigin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kinky_Friedman=Kinky Friedman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kyle_MacLachlan=Kyle MacLachlan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kevin_Spacey=Kevin Spacey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_Friedrich_Abel=Carl Friedrich Abel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karl_Andree=Karl Andree
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Callicrates=Callicrates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kevin_Bacon=Kevin Bacon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Khalid_al-Mihdhar=Khalid al-Mihdhar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karel_van_het_Reve=Karel van het Reve
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kon_Ichikawa=Kon Ichikawa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kia_Asamiya=Kia Asamiya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ken_Loach=Ken Loach
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kylie_Minogue=Kylie Minogue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kabir_Bedi=Kabir Bedi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kaj_Munk=Kaj Munk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kim_Philby=Kim Philby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kenji_Sahara=Kenji Sahara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kiyoshi_Atsumi=Kiyoshi Atsumi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/K._W._Jeter=K. W. Jeter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kay_Redfield_Jamison=Kay Redfield Jamison
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kelsey_Grammer=Kelsey Grammer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kit_Carson=Kit Carson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kipchoge_Keino=Kipchoge Keino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sara_Jane_Olson=Sara Jane Olson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Parry=James Parry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karl_Gustav_Ahlefeldt=Karl Gustav Ahlefeldt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kim_Milford=Kim Milford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caspar_Schwenckfeld=Caspar Schwenckfeld
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ken_Kesey=Ken Kesey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karlheinz_Stockhausen=Karlheinz Stockhausen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Koo_Stark=Koo Stark
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Krzysztof_Penderecki=Krzysztof Penderecki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kakinomoto_no_Hitomaro=Kakinomoto no Hitomaro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toshiki_Kaifu=Toshiki Kaifu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Khandi_Alexander=Khandi Alexander
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Katina_Paxinou=Katina Paxinou
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Katherine_MacLean=Katherine MacLean
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Khwaja_Ahmad_Abbas=Khwaja Ahmad Abbas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Konrad_Emil_Bloch=Konrad Emil Bloch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karl_Amadeus_Hartmann=Karl Amadeus Hartmann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Klaus_Maria_Brandauer=Klaus Maria Brandauer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kimberly_Beck=Kimberly Beck
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kirsten_Dunst=Kirsten Dunst
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karen_Kain=Karen Kain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leslie_Caron=Leslie Caron
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Larry_Wall=Larry Wall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laura_Bush=Laura Bush
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leni_Riefenstahl=Leni Riefenstahl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Linus_Torvalds=Linus Torvalds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lee_Harvey_Oswald=Lee Harvey Oswald
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lars_Magnus_Ericsson=Lars Magnus Ericsson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/L._Ron_Hubbard=L. Ron Hubbard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ludwig_van_Beethoven=Ludwig van Beethoven
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lars_von_Trier=Lars von Trier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lola_Graham=Lola Graham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fibonacci=Fibonacci
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luigi_Alamanni=Luigi Alamanni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis_Aleman=Louis Aleman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lucius_Tarquinius_Priscus=Lucius Tarquinius Priscus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lucius_Tarquinius_Superbus=Lucius Tarquinius Superbus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leonard_Bloomfield=Leonard Bloomfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leonardo_da_Vinci=Leonardo da Vinci
http://dbpedia.org/resource/L._L._Zamenhof=L. L. Zamenhof
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis_Andriessen=Louis Andriessen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/LeRoy_Homer,_Jr.=LeRoy Homer, Jr.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leonard_Peltier=Leonard Peltier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lev_Kuleshov=Lev Kuleshov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lamorna_Birch=Lamorna Birch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lactantius=Lactantius
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leszek_Miller=Leszek Miller
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leopold_von_Sacher-Masoch=Leopold von Sacher-Masoch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lee_Marvin=Lee Marvin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lindsay_Anderson=Lindsay Anderson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leo_Marks=Leo Marks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lucius_Afranius_(poet)=Lucius Afranius (poet)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lyman_Abbott=Lyman Abbott
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luca_Pacioli=Luca Pacioli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis_Ginzberg=Louis Ginzberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jonathan_Smeeton=Jonathan Smeeton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lorenzo_de'_Medici=Lorenzo de' Medici
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lucrezia_Borgia=Lucrezia Borgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laura_Bertram=Laura Bertram
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lou_Ferrigno=Lou Ferrigno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laurens_Janszoon_Coster=Laurens Janszoon Coster
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lee_Van_Cleef=Lee Van Cleef
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liv_Ullmann=Liv Ullmann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mack_Sennett=Mack Sennett
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mary_Pickford=Mary Pickford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Morton_Downey,_Jr.=Morton Downey, Jr.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matt_Groening=Matt Groening
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Muhammad=Muhammad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marcel_Achard=Marcel Achard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mr._T=Mr. T
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martin_Scorsese=Martin Scorsese
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Masaki_Kobayashi=Masaki Kobayashi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Reagan=Michael Reagan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marilyn_Monroe=Marilyn Monroe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marco_Polo=Marco Polo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matteo_Carcassi=Matteo Carcassi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mahatma_Gandhi=Mahatma Gandhi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mervyn_Peake=Mervyn Peake
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mariah_Carey=Mariah Carey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mikhail_Kalashnikov=Mikhail Kalashnikov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Mann_(director)=Michael Mann (director)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moses=Moses
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Margaret_Mead=Margaret Mead
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Palin=Michael Palin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marc_Bloch=Marc Bloch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Max_Steiner=Max Steiner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Polanyi=Michael Polanyi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martin_Agricola=Martin Agricola
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Max_August_Zorn=Max August Zorn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marcus_Vipsanius_Agrippa=Marcus Vipsanius Agrippa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moses_Amyraut=Moses Amyraut
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gaius_Maecenas=Gaius Maecenas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marcus_Claudius_Tacitus=Marcus Claudius Tacitus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Foot=Michael Foot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mary_Wollstonecraft=Mary Wollstonecraft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madhuri_Dixit=Madhuri Dixit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Majed_Moqed=Majed Moqed
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marlon_Brando=Marlon Brando
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mark_Bingham=Mark Bingham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monica_Lewinsky=Monica Lewinsky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Muhammad_ibn_Abd_al-Wahhab=Muhammad ibn Abd al-Wahhab
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shoma_Morita=Shoma Morita
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mohamed_Al-Fayed=Mohamed Al-Fayed
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martin_Luther_King,_Jr.=Martin Luther King, Jr.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marv_Albert=Marv Albert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maroboduus=Maroboduus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mike_Muuss=Mike Muuss
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matilda_of_Tuscany=Matilda of Tuscany
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miranda_Richardson=Miranda Richardson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meir_Kahane=Meir Kahane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marietta_Alboni=Marietta Alboni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Margaret_Murray=Margaret Murray
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mel_Brooks=Mel Brooks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martin_Fowler=Martin Fowler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hayao_Miyazaki=Hayao Miyazaki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Bentine=Michael Bentine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marcello_Malpighi=Marcello Malpighi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mohamed_Atta=Mohamed Atta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mandy_Patinkin=Mandy Patinkin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Morgan_Freeman=Morgan Freeman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fujiwara_no_Michinaga=Fujiwara no Michinaga
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mary,_Queen_of_Scots=Mary, Queen of Scots
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madeline_Amy_Sweeney=Madeline Amy Sweeney
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Macrinus=Macrinus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mathilde_Roth_Schechter=Mathilde Roth Schechter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mordecai_Kaplan=Mordecai Kaplan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Margaret_Sanger=Margaret Sanger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mellitus=Mellitus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miguel_de_Icaza=Miguel de Icaza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Menachem_Begin=Menachem Begin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Malcolm_X=Malcolm X
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mason_Remey=Mason Remey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mary_Tyler_Moore=Mary Tyler Moore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mathias_Rust=Mathias Rust
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michel_Tremblay=Michel Tremblay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martin_Helwig=Martin Helwig
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marcel_Proust=Marcel Proust
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michele_Columbu=Michele Columbu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mario_Berlinguer=Mario Berlinguer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicolas_Cage=Nicolas Cage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nancy_Reagan=Nancy Reagan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicholas_Lemann=Nicholas Lemann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicanor_Parra=Nicanor Parra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norma_MacMillan=Norma MacMillan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nikola_Tesla=Nikola Tesla
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicole_Kidman=Nicole Kidman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicolaus_von_Amsdorf=Nicolaus von Amsdorf
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Noah_Webster=Noah Webster
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nostradamus=Nostradamus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nawaf_al-Hazmi=Nawaf al-Hazmi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Naoko_Takeuchi=Naoko Takeuchi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nahum=Nahum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nastassja_Kinski=Nastassja Kinski
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ninon_de_l'Enclos=Ninon de l'Enclos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norman_Hackerman=Norman Hackerman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Neil_Simon=Neil Simon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nawal_El_Moutawakel=Nawal El Moutawakel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nagarjuna=Nagarjuna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orson_Welles=Orson Welles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ogden_Nash=Ogden Nash
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Osama_bin_Laden=Osama bin Laden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Obelix=Obelix
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orlando_Letelier=Orlando Letelier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Origen=Origen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Otto_Jespersen=Otto Jespersen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Cohen_(mathematician)=Paul Cohen (mathematician)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pamela_Anderson=Pamela Anderson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Robeson=Paul Robeson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Nilson=Peter Nilson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Vixie=Paul Vixie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Piri_Reis=Piri Reis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Allen=Paul Allen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phil_Zimmermann=Phil Zimmermann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philipp_Franz_von_Siebold=Philipp Franz von Siebold
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Cook=Peter Cook
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Poul_Anderson=Poul Anderson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Falk=Peter Falk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_the_Deacon=Paul the Deacon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pavel_Samuilovich_Urysohn=Pavel Samuilovich Urysohn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paolo_Agostino=Paolo Agostino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pope_John_XXIII=Pope John XXIII
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierre_Allix=Pierre Allix
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pope_John_XXI=Pope John XXI
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pope_Honorius_II=Pope Honorius II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pompey=Pompey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Reubens=Paul Reubens
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ptolemy=Ptolemy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antipope_Boniface_VII=Antipope Boniface VII
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phoebe_Hearst=Phoebe Hearst
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pope_Clement_III=Pope Clement III
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Plautus=Plautus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Per_Hasselberg=Per Hasselberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pope_Gregory_VIII=Pope Gregory VIII
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Guralnick=Peter Guralnick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Whitehouse=Paul Whitehouse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pol_Pot=Pol Pot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pribislav-Henry=Pribislav-Henry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pope_Victor_II=Pope Victor II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pope_Victor_III=Pope Victor III
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_J._McAuley=Paul J. McAuley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pope_Innocent_III=Pope Innocent III
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pyotr_Ilyich_Tchaikovsky=Pyotr Ilyich Tchaikovsky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Plutarch=Plutarch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_J._Carroll=Peter J. Carroll
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philip_Glass=Philip Glass
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Sellers=Peter Sellers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Johann_Anselm_Ritter_von_Feuerbach=Paul Johann Anselm Ritter von Feuerbach
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Laurence_Dunbar=Paul Laurence Dunbar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patrick_Abercromby=Patrick Abercromby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Mark_Roget=Peter Mark Roget
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patrick_Macnee=Patrick Macnee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Stuyvesant=Peter Stuyvesant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paavo_Nurmi=Paavo Nurmi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patricia_Soltysik=Patricia Soltysik
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pinuccio_Sciola=Pinuccio Sciola
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quentin_Tarantino=Quentin Tarantino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Byrd=Robert Byrd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rush_Limbaugh=Rush Limbaugh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roman_Polanski=Roman Polanski
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_J._Flaherty=Robert J. Flaherty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ronald_Reagan=Ronald Reagan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Wagner=Richard Wagner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ridley_Scott=Ridley Scott
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Rodriguez=Robert Rodriguez
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Falcon_Scott=Robert Falcon Scott
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ralph_Nader=Ralph Nader
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Russell_Crowe=Russell Crowe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roy_Chapman_Andrews=Roy Chapman Andrews
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roger_Casement=Roger Casement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Romulus_Augustulus=Romulus Augustulus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Freitas=Robert Freitas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Noyce=Robert Noyce
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Stickgold=Robert Stickgold
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rube_Goldberg=Rube Goldberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Menzies=Robert Menzies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rodolphus_Agricola=Rodolphus Agricola
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ruth_Gordon=Ruth Gordon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roger_Bacon=Roger Bacon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ray_Kurzweil=Ray Kurzweil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Garfield=Richard Garfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rudolf_Diesel=Rudolf Diesel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rupert_Murdoch=Rupert Murdoch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rehavam_Ze'evi=Rehavam Ze'evi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Fulton=Robert Fulton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ron_Popeil=Ron Popeil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ralph_Cudworth=Ralph Cudworth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Josh_Kirby=Josh Kirby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roald_Amundsen=Roald Amundsen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Lovelace=Richard Lovelace
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ruhollah_Khomeini=Ruhollah Khomeini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ryan_Lackey=Ryan Lackey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Askin=Robert Askin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rob_Reiner=Rob Reiner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robin_Wright=Robin Wright
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Abbot_(theologian)=Robert Abbot (theologian)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Gordis=Robert Gordis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ring_Lardner=Ring Lardner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Parr=Robert Parr
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rex_Ingram_(director)=Rex Ingram (director)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rosa_Parks=Rosa Parks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_of_Saint_Victor=Richard of Saint Victor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rhys_ap_Gruffydd=Rhys ap Gruffydd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Romano_Mussolini=Romano Mussolini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ruth_Benedict=Ruth Benedict
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rurik=Rurik
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rashi=Rashi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Siodmak=Robert Siodmak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Moog=Robert Moog
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shannon_Elizabeth=Shannon Elizabeth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stanley_Kubrick=Stanley Kubrick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sean_Connery=Sean Connery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samuel_Butler_(poet)=Samuel Butler (poet)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steve_Reich=Steve Reich
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spike_Lee=Spike Lee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spike_Jonze=Spike Jonze
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steven_Spielberg=Steven Spielberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sophocles=Sophocles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samuel_Morse=Samuel Morse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steve_Crocker=Steve Crocker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steven_Soderbergh=Steven Soderbergh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Soad_Hosny=Soad Hosny
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sarah_Michelle_Gellar=Sarah Michelle Gellar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stanley_Milgram=Stanley Milgram
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sima_Qian=Sima Qian
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sam_Peckinpah=Sam Peckinpah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sonny_Bono=Sonny Bono
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sergei_Prokofiev=Sergei Prokofiev
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Salma_Hayek=Salma Hayek
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Simon_bar_Kokhba=Simon bar Kokhba
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sappho=Sappho
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samuel_Pepys=Samuel Pepys
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sorious_Samura=Sorious Samura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steve_Wozniak=Steve Wozniak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sextus_Julius_Africanus=Sextus Julius Africanus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stephen_R._Lawhead=Stephen R. Lawhead
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Servius_Tullius=Servius Tullius
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Susan_B._Anthony=Susan B. Anthony
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sylvia_Sayer=Sylvia Sayer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hijackers_in_the_September_11_attacks=Hijackers in the September 11 attacks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Salem_al-Hazmi=Salem al-Hazmi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Simon_Ockley=Simon Ockley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stan_Kelly-Bootle=Stan Kelly-Bootle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steve_Biko=Steve Biko
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sergei_Eisenstein=Sergei Eisenstein
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sergei_Diaghilev=Sergei Diaghilev
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Soong_May-ling=Soong May-ling
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sam_Raimi=Sam Raimi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Susan_Faludi=Susan Faludi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Screaming_Lord_Sutch=Screaming Lord Sutch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shirley_Dean=Shirley Dean
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saki=Saki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samuel_Mudd=Samuel Mudd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steve_Bracks=Steve Bracks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Jones_(philologist)=William Jones (philologist)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saint_Ninian=Saint Ninian
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sun_Myung_Moon=Sun Myung Moon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stephen_Bachiler=Stephen Bachiler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Solomon_Schechter=Solomon Schechter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Solomon_Northup=Solomon Northup
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sam_Loyd=Sam Loyd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sojourner_Truth=Sojourner Truth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shem=Shem
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shoghi_Effendi=Shoghi Effendi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shaul_Mofaz=Shaul Mofaz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sandra_Bullock=Sandra Bullock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sonja_Henie=Sonja Henie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sheldon_Rampton=Sheldon Rampton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saeed_al-Ghamdi=Saeed al-Ghamdi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sulpicius_Severus=Sulpicius Severus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steve_Ballmer=Steve Ballmer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sacha_Pecaric=Sacha Pecaric
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tiffani_Thiessen=Tiffani Thiessen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Edison=Thomas Edison
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Jefferson=Thomas Jefferson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Titanic_Thompson=Titanic Thompson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tycho_Brahe=Tycho Brahe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tim_Berners-Lee=Tim Berners-Lee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tonyukuk=Tonyukuk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tommy_Lee=Tommy Lee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Terence_Hill=Terence Hill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tristan_Bernard=Tristan Bernard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Terry_Gilliam=Terry Gilliam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tutankhamun=Tutankhamun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ted_Turner=Ted Turner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Cranmer=Thomas Cranmer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thoinot_Arbeau=Thoinot Arbeau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trajan=Trajan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Malory=Thomas Malory
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lisa_Beamer=Lisa Beamer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Terence=Terence
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Nast=Thomas Nast
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theodore_Judah=Theodore Judah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thucydides=Thucydides
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Hare_(political_scientist)=Thomas Hare (political scientist)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_Burnett=Tom Burnett
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Brackett_Reed=Thomas Brackett Reed
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Pynchon=Thomas Pynchon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tony_McManus_(musician)=Tony McManus (musician)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tomaso_Albinoni=Tomaso Albinoni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Timothy_Leary=Timothy Leary
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nikolai_Trubetzkoy=Nikolai Trubetzkoy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Mifflin=Thomas Mifflin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tertullian=Tertullian
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Vinterberg=Thomas Vinterberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Bowdler=Thomas Bowdler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tim_Berra=Tim Berra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_McKean=Thomas McKean
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tupac_Shakur=Tupac Shakur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thabo_Mbeki=Thabo Mbeki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_R._Marshall=Thomas R. Marshall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/T._H._White=T. H. White
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_J._Watson=Thomas J. Watson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ted_Raimi=Ted Raimi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thorne_Smith=Thorne Smith
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_Cruise=Tom Cruise
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trine_Hattestad=Trine Hattestad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tod_Browning=Tod Browning
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tim_Burton=Tim Burton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Timothy_McVeigh=Timothy McVeigh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tim_Curry=Tim Curry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ulrich_Leman=Ulrich Leman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vittorio_De_Sica=Vittorio De Sica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Valens=Valens
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vincent_Alsop=Vincent Alsop
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vitellius=Vitellius
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Villard_de_Honnecourt=Villard de Honnecourt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vincenzo_Bellini=Vincenzo Bellini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vratislaus_I,_Duke_of_Bohemia=Vratislaus I, Duke of Bohemia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vernon_Green=Vernon Green
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vince_Foster=Vince Foster
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Victoria_Woodhull=Victoria Woodhull
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Victor_of_Aveyron=Victor of Aveyron
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vivien_Leigh=Vivien Leigh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vitruvius=Vitruvius
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vincent_Ward_(director)=Vincent Ward (director)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Kennedy_Dickson=William Kennedy Dickson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wim_Wenders=Wim Wenders
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Woody_Allen=Woody Allen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walt_Disney=Walt Disney
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joan_Pujol_Garcia=Joan Pujol Garcia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eddie_Chapman=Eddie Chapman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Barnes=William Barnes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wachowskis=The Wachowskis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ward_Cunningham=Ward Cunningham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Werner_Herzog=Werner Herzog
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wolfgang_Amadeus_Mozart=Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wolfgang_Petersen=Wolfgang Petersen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Crossing=William Crossing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/W._H._Auden=W. H. Auden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Morris=William Morris
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Winston_Churchill=Winston Churchill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Empson=William Empson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Lyon_Mackenzie_King=William Lyon Mackenzie King
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Woodrow_Wilson=Woodrow Wilson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Randolph_Hearst=William Randolph Hearst
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Marsh_Rice=William Marsh Rice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_McGonagall=William McGonagall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilhelm_Gustloff=Wilhelm Gustloff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/W._B._Yeats=W. B. Yeats
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Jardine_(merchant)=William Jardine (merchant)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wernher_von_Braun=Wernher von Braun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Seward_Burroughs_I=William Seward Burroughs I
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Ames=William Ames
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Wallace=William Wallace
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Abbot=William Abbot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wallace_Shawn=Wallace Shawn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_(archbishop_of_Mainz)=William (archbishop of Mainz)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Ewart_Gladstone=William Ewart Gladstone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wau_Holland=Wau Holland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_O'Dwyer=William O'Dwyer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Whitney_Houston=Whitney Houston
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Winona_Ryder=Winona Ryder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xena=Xena
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yunus_Emre=Yunus Emre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yes,_Virginia,_there_is_a_Santa_Claus=Yes, Virginia, there is a Santa Claus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yeardley_Smith=Yeardley Smith
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fujiwara_no_Yoshifusa=Fujiwara no Yoshifusa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yoko_Ono=Yoko Ono
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yukihiro_Matsumoto=Yukihiro Matsumoto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yukinobu_Hoshino=Yukinobu Hoshino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zosimus=Zosimus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ziad_Jarrah=Ziad Jarrah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zephaniah=Zephaniah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zhu_Shijie=Zhu Shijie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zheng_He=Zheng He
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Marshall=George Marshall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stevie_Nicks=Stevie Nicks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glycerius=Glycerius
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anita_Harding=Anita Harding
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jimmy_Shea=Jimmy Shea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laetitia_Casta=Laetitia Casta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/P._J._O'Rourke=P. J. O'Rourke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Dunant=Henry Dunant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blake_Edwards=Blake Edwards
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Melissa_Sue_Anderson=Melissa Sue Anderson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moustapha_Akkad=Moustapha Akkad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giuseppe_Mazzini=Giuseppe Mazzini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tony_Hancock=Tony Hancock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Warren_Mitchell=Warren Mitchell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Godfrey_Reggio=Godfrey Reggio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steve_McConnell=Steve McConnell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zeno_of_Citium=Zeno of Citium
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Larry_Gelbart=Larry Gelbart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harriet_Tubman=Harriet Tubman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Booker_T._Washington=Booker T. Washington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Knox=John Knox
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Denise_Richards=Denise Richards
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stevie_Case=Stevie Case
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marcus_Junius_Brutus_the_Younger=Marcus Junius Brutus the Younger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Lansky=Paul Lansky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Shrapnel=Henry Shrapnel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gilbert_Delahaye=Gilbert Delahaye
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marcel_Marlier=Marcel Marlier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roland_Garros_(aviator)=Roland Garros (aviator)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jamie_Zawinski=Jamie Zawinski
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rutger_Hauer=Rutger Hauer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_H._Riker=William H. Riker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tazio_Nuvolari=Tazio Nuvolari
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hildegard_Knef=Hildegard Knef
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pope_John_XXII=Pope John XXII
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martin_Brennan_(engineer)=Martin Brennan (engineer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Tyndale=William Tyndale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeff_Minter=Jeff Minter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marquis_de_Condorcet=Marquis de Condorcet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Micky_Dolenz=Micky Dolenz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pietro_Mascagni=Pietro Mascagni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saverio_Mercadante=Saverio Mercadante
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francesco_Cilea=Francesco Cilea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Domenico_Cimarosa=Domenico Cimarosa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giovanni_Pacini=Giovanni Pacini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gaetano_Donizetti=Gaetano Donizetti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ruggero_Leoncavallo=Ruggero Leoncavallo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giovanni_Paisiello=Giovanni Paisiello
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shawn_Fanning=Shawn Fanning
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giovanni_Battista_Pergolesi=Giovanni Battista Pergolesi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gerry_Adams=Gerry Adams
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Twyla_Tharp=Twyla Tharp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Igor_Stravinsky=Igor Stravinsky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lanford_Wilson=Lanford Wilson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_Reno=Jean Reno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Ross_(singer)=Robert Ross (singer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Shipway=George Shipway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mary_Anning=Mary Anning
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oskar_Schindler=Oskar Schindler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Carmack=John Carmack
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Natalie_Portman=Natalie Portman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eileen_Heckart=Eileen Heckart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sigismund,_Archduke_of_Austria=Sigismund, Archduke of Austria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sigismund,_Duke_of_Bavaria=Sigismund, Duke of Bavaria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrew_Fastow=Andrew Fastow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don_Siegel=Don Siegel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sergio_Leone=Sergio Leone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Otto_Preminger=Otto Preminger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Boies=David Boies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis_II,_Elector_of_Brandenburg=Louis II, Elector of Brandenburg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georg_Hackl=Georg Hackl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_the_Apostle=John the Apostle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michelangelo_Antonioni=Michelangelo Antonioni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goldie=Goldie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roberto_Rossellini=Roberto Rossellini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cary_Grant=Cary Grant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Broom=Robert Broom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harry_Randall_Truman=Harry Randall Truman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robbie_Williams=Robbie Williams
http://dbpedia.org/resource/R._J._Mitchell=R. J. Mitchell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spiro_Agnew=Spiro Agnew
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Schickele=Peter Schickele
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samuel_de_Champlain=Samuel de Champlain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Somers=Richard Somers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mary_Martin=Mary Martin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aloysius_Lilius=Aloysius Lilius
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frederic_W._H._Myers=Frederic W. H. Myers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philipp_Melanchthon=Philipp Melanchthon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Melvin_Kranzberg=Melvin Kranzberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Pierce_(female_impersonator)=Charles Pierce (female impersonator)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albrecht_III_Achilles,_Elector_of_Brandenburg=Albrecht III Achilles, Elector of Brandenburg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hubert_Languet=Hubert Languet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frederick_I,_Elector_of_Brandenburg=Frederick I, Elector of Brandenburg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frederick_II,_Elector_of_Brandenburg=Frederick II, Elector of Brandenburg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Estienne=Robert Estienne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henri_Estienne=Henri Estienne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mai_Zetterling=Mai Zetterling
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lillian_Moller_Gilbreth=Lillian Moller Gilbreth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Logie_Baird=John Logie Baird
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jon_Appleton=Jon Appleton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Berengar_of_Tours=Berengar of Tours
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roger_Williams=Roger Williams
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Myles_Coverdale=Myles Coverdale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Philip_Sousa=John Philip Sousa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Erich_Honecker=Erich Honecker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colin_Renfrew,_Baron_Renfrew_of_Kaimsthorn=Colin Renfrew, Baron Renfrew of Kaimsthorn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alan_Rickman=Alan Rickman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Howard_K._Smith=Howard K. Smith
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jennifer_Aniston=Jennifer Aniston
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Priestley=Joseph Priestley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Herbert_Putnam=Herbert Putnam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anton_Cermak=Anton Cermak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jane_Byrne=Jane Byrne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theodore_Beza=Theodore Beza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Janne_Lahtela=Janne Lahtela
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Thaw=John Thaw
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tristan_Gale=Tristan Gale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ko_Gi-hyun=Ko Gi-hyun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Whitefield=George Whitefield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harold_Furth=Harold Furth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_A._Garfield=James A. Garfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_Baptiste_Point_du_Sable=Jean Baptiste Point du Sable
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Josip_Plemelj=Josip Plemelj
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ivan_Vidav=Ivan Vidav
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Julian_Sochocki=Julian Sochocki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adalbert_(archbishop_of_Magdeburg)=Adalbert (archbishop of Magdeburg)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ian_Curtis=Ian Curtis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jurij_Vega=Jurij Vega
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_Hamilton=Alexander Hamilton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marc_Gagnon=Marc Gagnon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Viggo_Brun=Viggo Brun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luc_Besson=Luc Besson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_L._Cleave=Thomas L. Cleave
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_McLoughlin=John McLoughlin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ingrid_Bergman=Ingrid Bergman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Al_Pacino=Al Pacino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Freddie_Mercury=Freddie Mercury
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Ousterhout=John Ousterhout
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clark_Gable=Clark Gable
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christopher_Lambert=Christopher Lambert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cameron_Diaz=Cameron Diaz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Reuter=Paul Reuter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Eck=Johann Eck
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dustin_Hoffman=Dustin Hoffman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Estrid=Estrid
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Purushottam_Laxman_Deshpande=Purushottam Laxman Deshpande
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ted_Demme=Ted Demme
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gillian_Anderson=Gillian Anderson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Victor_Davis_Hanson=Victor Davis Hanson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antanas_Valionis=Antanas Valionis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marien_Ngouabi=Marien Ngouabi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elizabeth_Taylor=Elizabeth Taylor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hans_Richter_(artist)=Hans Richter (artist)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ben_K._Green=Ben K. Green
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leopoldo_Galtieri=Leopoldo Galtieri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gwyneth_Paltrow=Gwyneth Paltrow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bion_of_Smyrna=Bion of Smyrna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frank_Whittle=Frank Whittle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mary_Elizabeth_Braddon=Mary Elizabeth Braddon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/J._Michael_Straczynski=J. Michael Straczynski
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Murasaki_Shikibu=Murasaki Shikibu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chaz_Bono=Chaz Bono
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sophie_Marceau=Sophie Marceau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elia_Kazan=Elia Kazan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philo_Farnsworth=Philo Farnsworth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Lingard=John Lingard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eunice_Kennedy_Shriver=Eunice Kennedy Shriver
http://dbpedia.org/resource/O._Henry=O. Henry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buster_Keaton=Buster Keaton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sharon_Stone=Sharon Stone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_A._Dembski=William A. Dembski
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ashley_Judd=Ashley Judd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ava_Gardner=Ava Gardner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rebecca_De_Mornay=Rebecca De Mornay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grace_O'Malley=Grace O'Malley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leonard_Bernstein=Leonard Bernstein
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Kelly_(journalist)=Paul Kelly (journalist)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Gilmore_(activist)=John Gilmore (activist)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_W._Tunnicliffe=William W. Tunnicliffe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barbara_Stanwyck=Barbara Stanwyck
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Katharine_Hepburn=Katharine Hepburn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Streeter=George Streeter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zenobia=Zenobia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clint_Eastwood=Clint Eastwood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elizabeth_Cady_Stanton=Elizabeth Cady Stanton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Erich_von_Drygalski=Erich von Drygalski
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clara_Barton=Clara Barton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wolf_Messing=Wolf Messing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aurelian=Aurelian
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ross_Perot=Ross Perot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_Hanks=Tom Hanks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arsinoe_II=Arsinoe II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daniel_Chodowiecki=Daniel Chodowiecki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johannes_Daniel_Falk=Johannes Daniel Falk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Minuit=Peter Minuit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edwin_Beard_Budding=Edwin Beard Budding
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laurence_Olivier=Laurence Olivier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eddie_Blazonczyk=Eddie Blazonczyk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Yerkes=Charles Yerkes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Pullman=George Pullman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luise_Gottsched=Luise Gottsched
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Kenna=Michael Kenna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andie_MacDowell=Andie MacDowell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Altman=Robert Altman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cybill_Shepherd=Cybill Shepherd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Bogdanovich=Peter Bogdanovich
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Wilhelm_von_Archenholz=Johann Wilhelm von Archenholz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tony_Richardson=Tony Richardson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anthony_Quinn=Anthony Quinn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albert_Finney=Albert Finney
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philip_Larkin=Philip Larkin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Friedrich_Struensee=Johann Friedrich Struensee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alyson_Hannigan=Alyson Hannigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Hudson=Henry Hudson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anton_Bruckner=Anton Bruckner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harrison_Ford=Harrison Ford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hans_von_Bodeck=Hans von Bodeck
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sigismund_von_Herberstein=Sigismund von Herberstein
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vittorio_Gassman=Vittorio Gassman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marwan_al-Shehhi=Marwan al-Shehhi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Huston=John Huston
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theodore_Dreiser=Theodore Dreiser
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ezra_Pound=Ezra Pound
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rosie_O'Donnell=Rosie O'Donnell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gelimer=Gelimer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mel_Gibson=Mel Gibson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hilderic=Hilderic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Commodus=Commodus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ulugh_Beg=Ulugh Beg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rudolf_Hell=Rudolf Hell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Bessemer=Henry Bessemer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carole_Lombard=Carole Lombard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gary_Cooper=Gary Cooper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Socrates_of_Constantinople=Socrates of Constantinople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gunderic=Gunderic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrzej_Wajda=Andrzej Wajda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zoroaster=Zoroaster
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thora_Birch=Thora Birch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Weir=Peter Weir
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glenn_Close=Glenn Close
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sophia_Loren=Sophia Loren
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Fabricius=David Fabricius
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Melvin_Defleur=Melvin Defleur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Warren_Sturgis_McCulloch=Warren Sturgis McCulloch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Fort=Charles Fort
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phoolan_Devi=Phoolan Devi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Helen_Hunt=Helen Hunt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_of_Ketton=Robert of Ketton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dave_Mattacks=Dave Mattacks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sarah_Bernhardt=Sarah Bernhardt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_F._Bayard=Thomas F. Bayard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tennessee_Williams=Tennessee Williams
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Domenico_Scarlatti=Domenico Scarlatti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arcangelo_Corelli=Arcangelo Corelli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Kyd=Thomas Kyd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emmanuelle_Seigner=Emmanuelle Seigner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sharon_Tate=Sharon Tate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_of_Tyre=William of Tyre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mel_Blanc=Mel Blanc
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilfred_Bion=Wilfred Bion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giovanni_Falcone=Giovanni Falcone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sergio_Tofano=Sergio Tofano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cesare_Zavattini=Cesare Zavattini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luchino_Visconti=Luchino Visconti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manuel_II_Palaiologos=Manuel II Palaiologos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kidinnu=Kidinnu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brad_Pitt=Brad Pitt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Schumann=Robert Schumann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Franz_Schubert=Franz Schubert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pliny_the_Elder=Pliny the Elder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dannii_Minogue=Dannii Minogue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stefano_Benni=Stefano Benni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frederick_Theodore_Frelinghuysen=Frederick Theodore Frelinghuysen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ryan_White=Ryan White
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antipope_Nicholas_V=Antipope Nicholas V
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georg_Major=Georg Major
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tatian=Tatian
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clara_Schumann=Clara Schumann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Muni=Paul Muni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_Maria_von_Weber=Carl Maria von Weber
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Billy_Wilder=Billy Wilder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arthur_Sullivan=Arthur Sullivan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Barthelmess=Richard Barthelmess
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Byrd=William Byrd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Victor_McLaglen=Victor McLaglen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/King_Oliver=King Oliver
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean-Paul_Belmondo=Jean-Paul Belmondo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Catherine_Deneuve=Catherine Deneuve
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rudolph_Valentino=Rudolph Valentino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Winfield_Scott_Stratton=Winfield Scott Stratton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_D'Oyly_Carte=Richard D'Oyly Carte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wojciech_Kilar=Wojciech Kilar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kenneth_Ring=Kenneth Ring
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bartolomeu_Dias=Bartolomeu Dias
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mata_Hari=Mata Hari
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Krishna_Chandra_Bhattacharya=Krishna Chandra Bhattacharya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bal_Gangadhar_Tilak=Bal Gangadhar Tilak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ram_Mohan_Roy=Ram Mohan Roy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dayananda_Saraswati=Dayananda Saraswati
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sarvepalli_Radhakrishnan=Sarvepalli Radhakrishnan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swami_Vivekananda=Swami Vivekananda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Janet_Gaynor=Janet Gaynor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spencer_Tracy=Spencer Tracy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pim_Fortuyn=Pim Fortuyn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hermann_Zapf=Hermann Zapf
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Burton=Richard Burton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Victoria_Beckham=Victoria Beckham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joan_Crawford=Joan Crawford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iona_Nikitchenko=Iona Nikitchenko
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karl_Brandt=Karl Brandt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eratosthenes=Eratosthenes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charlton_Heston=Charlton Heston
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dudley_Moore=Dudley Moore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Dobson=James Dobson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kenneth_Wolstenholme=Kenneth Wolstenholme
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Fonda=Henry Fonda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Milton_Berle=Milton Berle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roberto_Benigni=Roberto Benigni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Perkin_Warbeck=Perkin Warbeck
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jan_van_Eyck=Jan van Eyck
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ramsay_MacDonald=Ramsay MacDonald
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jane_Seymour_(actress)=Jane Seymour (actress)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hubert_van_Eyck=Hubert van Eyck
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Catiline=Catiline
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Demosthenes=Demosthenes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Duncan_Campbell_(British_Army_officer)=Duncan Campbell (British Army officer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jesse_Owens=Jesse Owens
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Crapper=Thomas Crapper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Echion_(painter)=Echion (painter)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jaroslav_Foglar=Jaroslav Foglar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alphonse_de_Polignac=Alphonse de Polignac
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ivan_Novikoff=Ivan Novikoff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeffrey_Moussaieff_Masson=Jeffrey Moussaieff Masson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Conrad_Celtes=Conrad Celtes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ivor_Novello=Ivor Novello
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_the_Bald=Charles the Bald
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_the_Martyr=Edward the Martyr
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liane_Gabora=Liane Gabora
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jamie_Durie=Jamie Durie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dicaearchus=Dicaearchus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goldie_Hawn=Goldie Hawn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maurice_Ravel=Maurice Ravel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marion_Tinsley=Marion Tinsley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walter_Hellman=Walter Hellman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Allan_Pinkerton=Allan Pinkerton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saunders_Lewis=Saunders Lewis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Khalil_el-Moumni=Khalil el-Moumni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Howard_Spring=Howard Spring
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albrecht_Giese=Albrecht Giese
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hans_Holbein_the_Younger=Hans Holbein the Younger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_Pope=Alexander Pope
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leonard_Rossiter=Leonard Rossiter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eudoxus_of_Cnidus=Eudoxus of Cnidus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maria_Theresa=Maria Theresa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angela_Davis=Angela Davis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barbara_Pym=Barbara Pym
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fritigern=Fritigern
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albert_Abrams=Albert Abrams
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Victor_Lustig=Victor Lustig
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ernest_Jones=Ernest Jones
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Llewellyn=Richard Llewellyn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Hughes_(writer)=Richard Hughes (writer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ragnar_Lodbrok=Ragnar Lodbrok
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phil_Austin=Phil Austin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Simon_de_Montfort,_6th_Earl_of_Leicester=Simon de Montfort, 6th Earl of Leicester
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Randal_L._Schwartz=Randal L. Schwartz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Barnes_(traffic_engineer)=Henry Barnes (traffic engineer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pablo_Casals=Pablo Casals
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Libanius=Libanius
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laura_Gemser=Laura Gemser
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gustav_Holst=Gustav Holst
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rajmund_Kanelba=Rajmund Kanelba
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Morton_Stanley=Henry Morton Stanley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pliny_the_Younger=Pliny the Younger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francis_Pharcellus_Church=Francis Pharcellus Church
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Abercromby_(missionary)=Robert Abercromby (missionary)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bernhard_von_Reesen=Bernhard von Reesen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abbie_Hoffman=Abbie Hoffman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_Sibelius=Jean Sibelius
http://dbpedia.org/resource/August_Strindberg=August Strindberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Neville,_16th_Earl_of_Warwick=Richard Neville, 16th Earl of Warwick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Newman=Paul Newman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Aldington=Richard Aldington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Otto_von_Guericke=Otto von Guericke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pat_Robertson=Pat Robertson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elizabeth_Jennings=Elizabeth Jennings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diego_de_Nicuesa=Diego de Nicuesa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bartholomaeus_Nigrinus=Bartholomaeus Nigrinus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Regina_Protmann=Regina Protmann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yuri_Andropov=Yuri Andropov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eleanor_Bron=Eleanor Bron
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mehmed_VI=Mehmed VI
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Polkinghorne=John Polkinghorne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lambert_Simnel=Lambert Simnel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Revere=Paul Revere
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bernardo_Bertolucci=Bernardo Bertolucci
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Han_van_Meegeren=Han van Meegeren
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Urich=Robert Urich
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Rouse=James Rouse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eugene_V._Debs=Eugene V. Debs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Frederick,_Margrave_of_Brandenburg-Ansbach=John Frederick, Margrave of Brandenburg-Ansbach
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_J._Hill=James J. Hill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edmund_Clerihew_Bentley=Edmund Clerihew Bentley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carmen_Miranda=Carmen Miranda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coluccio_Salutati=Coluccio Salutati
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gian_Galeazzo_Visconti=Gian Galeazzo Visconti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Devereux,_2nd_Earl_of_Essex=Robert Devereux, 2nd Earl of Essex
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gaius_Iulius_Vindex=Gaius Iulius Vindex
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_S._Donaldson=William S. Donaldson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Lapworth=Charles Lapworth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Dudley,_1st_Earl_of_Leicester=Robert Dudley, 1st Earl of Leicester
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francesco_Foscari=Francesco Foscari
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kurt_Weill=Kurt Weill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clemens_August_of_Bavaria=Clemens August of Bavaria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francis_Walsingham=Francis Walsingham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leonardo_Bruni=Leonardo Bruni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ronald_Binge=Ronald Binge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thrasamund=Thrasamund
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gunthamund=Gunthamund
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marty_Feldman=Marty Feldman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kenneth_Horne=Kenneth Horne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aaron_Copland=Aaron Copland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dell_Hymes=Dell Hymes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heinrich_Anton_de_Bary=Heinrich Anton de Bary
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Hartnell=William Hartnell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jon_Pertwee=Jon Pertwee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Fisk=Robert Fisk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patrick_Troughton=Patrick Troughton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Montgolfier_brothers=Montgolfier brothers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pelagius_of_Asturias=Pelagius of Asturias
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paula_Danziger=Paula Danziger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stanley_Unwin_(comedian)=Stanley Unwin (comedian)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Melinda_Gates=Melinda Gates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dave_Cutler=Dave Cutler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Terry_Jones=Terry Jones
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meg_Ryan=Meg Ryan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Jason=David Jason
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anthony_Fokker=Anthony Fokker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Valerian_(emperor)=Valerian (emperor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hans_von_Kulmbach=Hans von Kulmbach
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ritchie_Valens=Ritchie Valens
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Douglas_Smith_(broadcaster)=Douglas Smith (broadcaster)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Betty_Marsden=Betty Marsden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martin_Dunwoody=Martin Dunwoody
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_Trocchi=Alexander Trocchi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vincent_R._Impellitteri=Vincent R. Impellitteri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jimmy_Walker=Jimmy Walker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gero_von_Wilpert=Gero von Wilpert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Ussher=James Ussher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eric_Idle=Eric Idle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jonathan_Edwards_(theologian)=Jonathan Edwards (theologian)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_C._Calhoun=John C. Calhoun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strabo=Strabo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Audrey_Hepburn=Audrey Hepburn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Carpenter=John Carpenter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Heath=Edward Heath
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Callaghan=James Callaghan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ben_Elton=Ben Elton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Waldo=Peter Waldo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gaspar_Corte-Real=Gaspar Corte-Real
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martha_Argerich=Martha Argerich
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ulrike_Meinhof=Ulrike Meinhof
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Sand=George Sand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antonio_Banderas=Antonio Banderas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ben_Chifley=Ben Chifley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leonardo_DiCaprio=Leonardo DiCaprio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis_Sullivan=Louis Sullivan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kate_Winslet=Kate Winslet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ashikaga_Yoshiharu=Ashikaga Yoshiharu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hernando_de_Soto=Hernando de Soto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marcus_Manilius=Marcus Manilius
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chandra_Levy=Chandra Levy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jehuda_Cresques=Jehuda Cresques
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joan_Collins=Joan Collins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_Lafitte=Jean Lafitte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Blaine=David Blaine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Strunk,_Jr.=William Strunk, Jr.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Othmar_Ammann=Othmar Ammann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frederick_Law_Olmsted=Frederick Law Olmsted
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Val_Kilmer=Val Kilmer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gary_Condit=Gary Condit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goffredo_Mameli=Goffredo Mameli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Costantino_Nivola=Costantino Nivola
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cole_Porter=Cole Porter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harry_Houdini=Harry Houdini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walter_Burley_Griffin=Walter Burley Griffin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raymond_Hood=Raymond Hood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hector_Berlioz=Hector Berlioz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inayat_Khan=Inayat Khan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vilayat_Inayat_Khan=Vilayat Inayat Khan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis_Gathmann=Louis Gathmann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edmond_Rostand=Edmond Rostand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ray_Milland=Ray Milland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gladys_Aylward=Gladys Aylward
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christopher_Lee=Christopher Lee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Livingstone=David Livingstone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Majel_Barrett=Majel Barrett
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leonard_Nimoy=Leonard Nimoy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Methuselah=Methuselah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alex_Cox=Alex Cox
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hayden_Christensen=Hayden Christensen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Niven=David Niven
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ub_Iwerks=Ub Iwerks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Max_Weismann=Max Weismann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lucan=Lucan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marc_Connelly=Marc Connelly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frederick_Loewe=Frederick Loewe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mary_Rodgers=Mary Rodgers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moss_Hart=Moss Hart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Len_Deighton=Len Deighton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Olof_Palme=Olof Palme
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Travolta=John Travolta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/H._L._Mencken=H. L. Mencken
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samuel_L._Jackson=Samuel L. Jackson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jay_Miner=Jay Miner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Muzio_Clementi=Muzio Clementi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lawrence_Lessig=Lawrence Lessig
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Preston_Tucker=Preston Tucker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eddie_Murphy=Eddie Murphy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lyndon_B._Johnson=Lyndon B. Johnson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bob_Keeshan=Bob Keeshan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scott_Bakula=Scott Bakula
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Rennie_Mackintosh=Charles Rennie Mackintosh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lysander=Lysander
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tina_Arena=Tina Arena
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Willie_Rushton=Willie Rushton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sima_Guang=Sima Guang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrew_Lloyd_Webber=Andrew Lloyd Webber
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Basil_Zaharoff=Basil Zaharoff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nat_Turner=Nat Turner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Whoopi_Goldberg=Whoopi Goldberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leslie_Nielsen=Leslie Nielsen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Josquin_des_Prez=Josquin des Prez
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierre_Schaeffer=Pierre Schaeffer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Juliette_Binoche=Juliette Binoche
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anders_Hejlsberg=Anders Hejlsberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gedeon_Burkhard=Gedeon Burkhard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Greenaway=Peter Greenaway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bertha_von_Suttner=Bertha von Suttner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/R._Kelly=R. Kelly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gwen_Verdon=Gwen Verdon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sun_Quan=Sun Quan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Millicent_Fawcett=Millicent Fawcett
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Whittington=Richard Whittington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bob_Dole=Bob Dole
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stanley_Fish=Stanley Fish
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tommy_Cooper=Tommy Cooper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/K._M._Peyton=K. M. Peyton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yukito_Kishiro=Yukito Kishiro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christopher_Evans_(computer_scientist)=Christopher Evans (computer scientist)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clive_Sinclair=Clive Sinclair
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Geoffrey_of_Monmouth=Geoffrey of Monmouth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrew_Inglis_Clark=Andrew Inglis Clark
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theo_Wade_Brown=Theo Wade Brown
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeff_Bridges=Jeff Bridges
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antonio_Stradivari=Antonio Stradivari
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Judi_Bari=Judi Bari
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Bergh=Henry Bergh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arnold_Bennett=Arnold Bennett
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Lynde=Paul Lynde
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fred_Gwynne=Fred Gwynne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roberto_Calvi=Roberto Calvi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Licio_Gelli=Licio Gelli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mick_Jagger=Mick Jagger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edmond_Yu=Edmond Yu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yehudi_Menuhin=Yehudi Menuhin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Max_Reinhardt=Max Reinhardt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_Orff=Carl Orff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rob_Malda=Rob Malda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ian_Livingstone=Ian Livingstone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacobus_Gallus=Jacobus Gallus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stephen_Crane=Stephen Crane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bernard_Baruch=Bernard Baruch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Helen_Atkinson-Wood=Helen Atkinson-Wood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Desmond_Llewelyn=Desmond Llewelyn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vitus_Bering=Vitus Bering
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Dilworth=Thomas Dilworth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tony_Robinson=Tony Robinson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ian_Fleming=Ian Fleming
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Mathieson_(computer_scientist)=John Mathieson (computer scientist)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vladimir_Atlasov=Vladimir Atlasov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ferdinand_Peroutka=Ferdinand Peroutka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Boyle,_1st_Earl_of_Cork=Richard Boyle, 1st Earl of Cork
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Franz_Xaver_von_Baader=Franz Xaver von Baader
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Churchill_Babington=Churchill Babington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bacchylides=Bacchylides
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baccio_D'Agnolo=Baccio D'Agnolo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Solon=Solon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yair_Bacharach=Yair Bacharach
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_Philipp_Emanuel_Bach=Carl Philipp Emanuel Bach
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis_Petit_de_Bachaumont=Louis Petit de Bachaumont
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Billings=Joseph Billings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fan_Chuo_(Tang_dynasty)=Fan Chuo (Tang dynasty)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wright_brothers=Wright brothers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francis_Edward_Bache=Francis Edward Bache
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leonard_Bacon=Leonard Bacon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Bacon_(sculptor)=John Bacon (sculptor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Badby=John Badby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Baddeley=Robert Baddeley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jodocus_Badius=Jodocus Badius
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Badham=Charles Badham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lawrence_Welk=Lawrence Welk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leopold_Zunz=Leopold Zunz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Judy_Garland=Judy Garland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Bowman_Lindsay=James Bowman Lindsay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gaius_Marcius_Coriolanus=Gaius Marcius Coriolanus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taddeo_Zuccari=Taddeo Zuccari
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heinrich_Zschokke=Heinrich Zschokke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Zouch=Richard Zouch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Bonanno=Joseph Bonanno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ron_Howard=Ron Howard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oda_of_Haldensleben=Oda of Haldensleben
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicholas_Bacon_(Lord_Keeper)=Nicholas Bacon (Lord Keeper)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierce_Egan=Pierce Egan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Asher_ben_Jehiel=Asher ben Jehiel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rav_Ashi=Rav Ashi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gennady_Nevelskoy=Gennady Nevelskoy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Widukind=Widukind
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Judas_Iscariot=Judas Iscariot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Widukind_of_Corvey=Widukind of Corvey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Margo_Howard=Margo Howard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sophia_Baddeley=Sophia Baddeley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liza_Minnelli=Liza Minnelli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bartholomew_de_Badlesmere,_1st_Baron_Badlesmere=Bartholomew de Badlesmere, 1st Baron Badlesmere
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gordon_McBean=Gordon McBean
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierre_Brissaud=Pierre Brissaud
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Margaret_Rutherford=Margaret Rutherford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xaviera_Hollander=Xaviera Hollander
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alicia_Keys=Alicia Keys
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tim_Wirth=Tim Wirth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Willie_Davenport=Willie Davenport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mamo_Wolde=Mamo Wolde
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Scott=Peter Scott
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lola_Montez=Lola Montez
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Douglas_Mawson=Douglas Mawson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ernest_Shackleton=Ernest Shackleton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antoine_Drouot=Antoine Drouot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sam_Houston=Sam Houston
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack_Buck=Jack Buck
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Willem_Barentsz=Willem Barentsz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Enzo_Ferrari=Enzo Ferrari
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Eastman=George Eastman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kevin_Smith=Kevin Smith
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alanis_Morissette=Alanis Morissette
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Asanga=Asanga
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean-Luc_Godard=Jean-Luc Godard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anna_Leonowens=Anna Leonowens
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hannelore_Kohl=Hannelore Kohl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grace_Darling=Grace Darling
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emily_Davison=Emily Davison
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Takeru_Kobayashi=Takeru Kobayashi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chancellor_of_Austria=Chancellor of Austria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Pachelbel=Johann Pachelbel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Cawte_Beaglehole=John Cawte Beaglehole
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sextus_Varius_Marcellus=Sextus Varius Marcellus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mordecai_Richler=Mordecai Richler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MC_ADE=MC ADE
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reginald_Bretnor=Reginald Bretnor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Craig_Barrett_(chief_executive)=Craig Barrett (chief executive)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Agnes_I,_Abbess_of_Quedlinburg=Agnes I, Abbess of Quedlinburg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hatshepsut=Hatshepsut
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ptolemy_III_Euergetes=Ptolemy III Euergetes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Baden-Powell,_1st_Baron_Baden-Powell=Robert Baden-Powell, 1st Baron Baden-Powell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Larry_Page=Larry Page
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sergey_Brin=Sergey Brin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gene_Rayburn=Gene Rayburn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lola_Ridge=Lola Ridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kathryn_H._Kidd=Kathryn H. Kidd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gerardus_Mercator=Gerardus Mercator
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Peary=Robert Peary
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bobby_Seale=Bobby Seale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Baskett=James Baskett
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maurice_Chevalier=Maurice Chevalier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mistinguett=Mistinguett
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dan_Castellaneta=Dan Castellaneta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fred_Rosenstock=Fred Rosenstock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rod_Steiger=Rod Steiger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Claudette_Colbert=Claudette Colbert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norma_Shearer=Norma Shearer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A._E._Waite=A. E. Waite
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sylvester_Stallone=Sylvester Stallone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_Cartwright=Alexander Cartwright
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis_Braille=Louis Braille
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Caine=Michael Caine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christoph_Hartknoch=Christoph Hartknoch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emmett_Tyrrell=Emmett Tyrrell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bartholomew_I_of_Constantinople=Bartholomew I of Constantinople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gersonides=Gersonides
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Laughton=Charles Laughton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yul_Brynner=Yul Brynner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alistair_MacLeod=Alistair MacLeod
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Conon=Conon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theophylact_of_Constantinople=Theophylact of Constantinople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stephen_I_of_Constantinople=Stephen I of Constantinople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicholas_Mystikos=Nicholas Mystikos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ken_Starr=Ken Starr
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Redford=Robert Redford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_Moulin=Jean Moulin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Simone_Signoret=Simone Signoret
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harold_Robbins=Harold Robbins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raymond_Burr=Raymond Burr
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gore_Vidal=Gore Vidal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean-Paul_Marat=Jean-Paul Marat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theo_Angelopoulos=Theo Angelopoulos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abu_Bakr_bin_Yahya_al-Suli=Abu Bakr bin Yahya al-Suli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lewis_Milestone=Lewis Milestone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Wyler=William Wyler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ben_Hecht=Ben Hecht
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rupert_Brooke=Rupert Brooke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Walker_(runner)=John Walker (runner)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jerome_Napoleon_Bonaparte_II=Jerome Napoleon Bonaparte II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Bonaparte_(Attorney_General)=Charles Bonaparte (Attorney General)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Susan_May_Williams=Susan May Williams
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pepin_of_Landen=Pepin of Landen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Merovech=Merovech
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theuderic_I=Theuderic I
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theudebert_I=Theudebert I
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis_Lucien_Bonaparte=Louis Lucien Bonaparte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georg_Johannes_von_Trapp=Georg Johannes von Trapp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michelle_Pfeiffer=Michelle Pfeiffer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A._P._J._Abdul_Kalam=A. P. J. Abdul Kalam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Juan_de_la_Cierva=Juan de la Cierva
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abdel-Razak_al-Yehiyeh=Abdel-Razak al-Yehiyeh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Margret_Rey=Margret Rey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Warren_Beatty=Warren Beatty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bennelong=Bennelong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walter_Matthau=Walter Matthau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Claus_von_Stauffenberg=Claus von Stauffenberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edwin_Meese=Edwin Meese
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tsuguharu_Foujita=Tsuguharu Foujita
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Piet_Hein_(scientist)=Piet Hein (scientist)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Piet_Pieterszoon_Hein=Piet Pieterszoon Hein
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Stiglitz=Joseph Stiglitz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deborah_Kerr=Deborah Kerr
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vaslav_Nijinsky=Vaslav Nijinsky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anna_Pavlova=Anna Pavlova
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Linda_Hamilton=Linda Hamilton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fred_Quimby=Fred Quimby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boris_Spassky=Boris Spassky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sam_J._Lundwall=Sam J. Lundwall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_O'Toole=Peter O'Toole
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mikhail_Lomonosov=Mikhail Lomonosov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meryl_Streep=Meryl Streep
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Turner=John Turner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Middleton=Thomas Middleton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stephen_Fry=Stephen Fry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack_Tramiel=Jack Tramiel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greta_Garbo=Greta Garbo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ken_Griffey,_Jr.=Ken Griffey, Jr.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don_Lancaster=Don Lancaster
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bill_James=Bill James
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bette_Davis=Bette Davis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jane_Fonda=Jane Fonda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sissy_Spacek=Sissy Spacek
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Claude_Rains=Claude Rains
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greer_Garson=Greer Garson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fredric_March=Fredric March
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Pemberton=John Pemberton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Caine=John Caine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeff_Kennett=Jeff Kennett
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joan_Kirner=Joan Kirner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Cain_(junior)=John Cain (junior)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Denis_Gaultier=Denis Gaultier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Herbert_Beerbohm_Tree=Herbert Beerbohm Tree
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Lorre=Peter Lorre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vanessa_Redgrave=Vanessa Redgrave
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pompeu_Fabra=Pompeu Fabra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martin_Strel=Martin Strel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack_Kilby=Jack Kilby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Luther_Pierce=William Luther Pierce
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liam_Neeson=Liam Neeson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Milo_of_Croton=Milo of Croton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pieter_Brueghel_the_Younger=Pieter Brueghel the Younger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jan_Brueghel_the_Elder=Jan Brueghel the Elder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jan_Brueghel_the_Younger=Jan Brueghel the Younger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christina_Stead=Christina Stead
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joris-Karl_Huysmans=Joris-Karl Huysmans
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benjamin_Britten=Benjamin Britten
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Igor_Dmitriyevich_Novikov=Igor Dmitriyevich Novikov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alan_Bush=Alan Bush
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uriel_da_Costa=Uriel da Costa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ginger_Rogers=Ginger Rogers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bruce_Willis=Bruce Willis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Modest_Mussorgsky=Modest Mussorgsky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alva_Myrdal=Alva Myrdal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stanley_Lord=Stanley Lord
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doodles_Weaver=Doodles Weaver
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bartholomew_the_Apostle=Bartholomew the Apostle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sigourney_Weaver=Sigourney Weaver
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fred_Astaire=Fred Astaire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maria_Callas=Maria Callas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_McFarland=George McFarland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ida_Rentoul_Outhwaite=Ida Rentoul Outhwaite
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Dadd=Richard Dadd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cicely_Mary_Barker=Cicely Mary Barker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_the_Rhymer=Thomas the Rhymer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joanot_Martorell=Joanot Martorell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ramon_Muntaner=Ramon Muntaner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Li_Ao=Li Ao
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johannes_V._Jensen=Johannes V. Jensen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patty_Hearst=Patty Hearst
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gustav_Mahler=Gustav Mahler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hlothhere_of_Kent=Hlothhere of Kent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mauricio_Kagel=Mauricio Kagel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georges_Feydeau=Georges Feydeau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacques_Offenbach=Jacques Offenbach
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glenn_Gould=Glenn Gould
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_R._McCammon=Robert R. McCammon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Poindexter=John Poindexter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Meredith=James Meredith
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maureen_Lipman=Maureen Lipman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anton_Webern=Anton Webern
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Bacque=James Bacque
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stanley_Smith_Stevens=Stanley Smith Stevens
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Volkman=John Volkman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amos_Kollek=Amos Kollek
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Duncan_Forbes_(linguist)=Duncan Forbes (linguist)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Qian_Zhongshu=Qian Zhongshu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dave_Thompson_(comedian)=Dave Thompson (comedian)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_Hersholt=Jean Hersholt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Cage=John Cage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicholas_Lyndhurst=Nicholas Lyndhurst
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Humbert_I,_Count_of_Savoy=Humbert I, Count of Savoy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kent_Pitman=Kent Pitman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stephen_F._Austin=Stephen F. Austin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ronaldo=Ronaldo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Verhoeven=Paul Verhoeven
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacques_Roubaud=Jacques Roubaud
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Victor_Gollancz=Victor Gollancz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Eastland=James Eastland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ami_Dolenz=Ami Dolenz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robin_Givens=Robin Givens
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Pimsleur=Paul Pimsleur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lauritz_Melchior=Lauritz Melchior
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Evel_Knievel=Evel Knievel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierre_Boulez=Pierre Boulez
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Willis_H._O'Brien=Willis H. O'Brien
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adolphe_Willette=Adolphe Willette
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arnold_J._Toynbee=Arnold J. Toynbee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Artur_Schnabel=Artur Schnabel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Francis_Burton=Richard Francis Burton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maurice_Greene_(athlete)=Maurice Greene (athlete)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frans_van_Schooten=Frans van Schooten
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gudrun_Ensslin=Gudrun Ensslin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Crichton=John Crichton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jesse_Boot,_1st_Baron_Trent=Jesse Boot, 1st Baron Trent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Slim_Pickens=Slim Pickens
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lionel_Barrymore=Lionel Barrymore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arnold_Schoenberg=Arnold Schoenberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Errol_Flynn=Errol Flynn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Soichiro_Honda=Soichiro Honda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Donovan_Bailey=Donovan Bailey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_Lewis=Carl Lewis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phil_Katz=Phil Katz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Melchiorre_Murenu=Melchiorre Murenu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chester_Gould=Chester Gould
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boris_Karloff=Boris Karloff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Burke_(athlete)=Thomas Burke (athlete)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Armin_Hary=Armin Hary
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_W._Prescott=James W. Prescott
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jennifer_Jones=Jennifer Jones
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_O._Selznick=David O. Selznick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ho_Chi_Minh=Ho Chi Minh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Franz_Liszt=Franz Liszt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Morris_Chestnut=Morris Chestnut
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baruch_Goldstein=Baruch Goldstein
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hugo_von_Hofmannsthal=Hugo von Hofmannsthal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hasely_Crawford=Hasely Crawford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Strauss=Richard Strauss
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flora_Robson=Flora Robson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emmett_Kelly=Emmett Kelly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Wise=Robert Wise
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Ben-Gurion=David Ben-Gurion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jessica_Lange=Jessica Lange
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mike_Nichols=Mike Nichols
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Enrico_Caruso=Enrico Caruso
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Plautia_Urgulanilla=Plautia Urgulanilla
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Scofield=Paul Scofield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georges_Bizet=Georges Bizet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/King_Vidor=King Vidor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isabella_Rossellini=Isabella Rossellini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Means_Thompson=Robert Means Thompson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_W._Thompson=Richard W. Thompson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Barrymore=John Barrymore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martin_Sheen=Martin Sheen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gottfried_Benn=Gottfried Benn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Justin_Frankel=Justin Frankel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harrison_Dillard=Harrison Dillard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bonnie_and_Clyde=Bonnie and Clyde
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Towne=Robert Towne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack_Albertson=Jack Albertson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cesar_Chavez=Cesar Chavez
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Susan_Sarandon=Susan Sarandon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frank_Jarvis=Frank Jarvis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Faye_Dunaway=Faye Dunaway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reggie_Walker=Reggie Walker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Basil_Rathbone=Basil Rathbone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anna_Nicole_Smith=Anna Nicole Smith
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Shor=Peter Shor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christian_Pineau=Christian Pineau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sophie_Dahl=Sophie Dahl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chick_Hearn=Chick Hearn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alice_B._Toklas=Alice B. Toklas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jamie_Lee_Curtis=Jamie Lee Curtis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francis_Simard=Francis Simard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tony_Curtis=Tony Curtis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bobby_Morrow=Bobby Morrow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karl_Verner=Karl Verner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Herod_Agrippa_II=Herod Agrippa II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Stephen_Hawker=Robert Stephen Hawker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leo_McKern=Leo McKern
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amadeus_I,_Count_of_Savoy=Amadeus I, Count of Savoy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Otto_I,_Count_of_Savoy=Otto I, Count of Savoy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_I,_Count_of_Savoy=Peter I, Count of Savoy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amadeus_II,_Count_of_Savoy=Amadeus II, Count of Savoy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Humbert_II,_Count_of_Savoy=Humbert II, Count of Savoy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amadeus_III,_Count_of_Savoy=Amadeus III, Count of Savoy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Humbert_III,_Count_of_Savoy=Humbert III, Count of Savoy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trophimus=Trophimus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_J._Fox=Michael J. Fox
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas,_Count_of_Savoy=Thomas, Count of Savoy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amadeus_IV,_Count_of_Savoy=Amadeus IV, Count of Savoy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boniface,_Count_of_Savoy=Boniface, Count of Savoy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_II,_Count_of_Savoy=Peter II, Count of Savoy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lindy_Remigino=Lindy Remigino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lancelot_Speed=Lancelot Speed
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jan_Timman=Jan Timman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tiglath-Pileser_III=Tiglath-Pileser III
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Terah=Terah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tertullus=Tertullus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sosthenes=Sosthenes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philip_I,_Count_of_Savoy=Philip I, Count of Savoy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward,_Count_of_Savoy=Edward, Count of Savoy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aymon,_Count_of_Savoy=Aymon, Count of Savoy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amadeus_V,_Count_of_Savoy=Amadeus V, Count of Savoy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amadeus_VI,_Count_of_Savoy=Amadeus VI, Count of Savoy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amadeus_VII,_Count_of_Savoy=Amadeus VII, Count of Savoy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeremy_Paxman=Jeremy Paxman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Justin_Timberlake=Justin Timberlake
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guido_of_Arezzo=Guido of Arezzo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scatman_Crothers=Scatman Crothers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amadeus_IX,_Duke_of_Savoy=Amadeus IX, Duke of Savoy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philibert_I,_Duke_of_Savoy=Philibert I, Duke of Savoy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis,_Duke_of_Savoy=Louis, Duke of Savoy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_I,_Duke_of_Savoy=Charles I, Duke of Savoy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philibert_II,_Duke_of_Savoy=Philibert II, Duke of Savoy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Francis,_Prince_of_Carignano=Thomas Francis, Prince of Carignano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_III,_Duke_of_Savoy=Charles III, Duke of Savoy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frankie_Howerd=Frankie Howerd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Neriglissar=Neriglissar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Necho_II=Necho II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Esai_Morales=Esai Morales
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Selena=Selena
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Erik_Balling=Erik Balling
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lillie_Langtry=Lillie Langtry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Friese-Greene=William Friese-Greene
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Herbert_Dingle=Herbert Dingle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Dobson=William Dobson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kirk_Douglas=Kirk Douglas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Taze_Russell=Charles Taze Russell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henrik_Dam=Henrik Dam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ansfried_of_Utrecht=Ansfried of Utrecht
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isaac_D'Israeli=Isaac D'Israeli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alicia_Silverstone=Alicia Silverstone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_McCrea_(astronomer)=William McCrea (astronomer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Murray_Bail=Murray Bail
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gracie_Allen=Gracie Allen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Burns=George Burns
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christer_Pettersson=Christer Pettersson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/August_Bournonville=August Bournonville
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leopold_Mozart=Leopold Mozart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilhelm_Marr=Wilhelm Marr
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frank_Harris=Frank Harris
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anthony_Trollope=Anthony Trollope
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Margaret_Beaufort,_Countess_of_Richmond_and_Derby=Margaret Beaufort, Countess of Richmond and Derby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joan_Lindsay=Joan Lindsay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Debbie_Reynolds=Debbie Reynolds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Lenkiewicz=Robert Lenkiewicz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cyrano_de_Bergerac=Cyrano de Bergerac
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Joachim_Quantz=Johann Joachim Quantz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bill_bissett=Bill bissett
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_Maguire=Tom Maguire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kaja_Silverman=Kaja Silverman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benjamin_Banneker=Benjamin Banneker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacques_Cartier=Jacques Cartier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Helen_Stephens=Helen Stephens
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Rizzio=David Rizzio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Hepburn,_4th_Earl_of_Bothwell=James Hepburn, 4th Earl of Bothwell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matthew_George_Easton=Matthew George Easton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bess_of_Hardwick=Bess of Hardwick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lukas_Moodysson=Lukas Moodysson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yves_Montand=Yves Montand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack_T._Chick=Jack T. Chick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mike_Royko=Mike Royko
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Marshal,_1st_Earl_of_Pembroke=William Marshal, 1st Earl of Pembroke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Larry_Flynt=Larry Flynt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Kinzie=John Kinzie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Billy_Wright_(loyalist)=Billy Wright (loyalist)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nathuram_Godse=Nathuram Godse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patrick_Stewart=Patrick Stewart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Basil_Valentine=Basil Valentine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_le_Breton=Richard le Breton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrew_Fisher=Andrew Fisher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rolf_Hochhuth=Rolf Hochhuth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Burton_L._Mack=Burton L. Mack
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Gandy_(author)=Peter Gandy (author)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wyomia_Tyus=Wyomia Tyus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frankie_Fredericks=Frankie Fredericks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jane_Jacobs=Jane Jacobs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tim_Blake_Nelson=Tim Blake Nelson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Typhoid_Mary=Typhoid Mary
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bob_Fosse=Bob Fosse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Philip_Holland=John Philip Holland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Satyendra_Nath_Bose=Satyendra Nath Bose
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daniel_Boone=Daniel Boone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marija_Gimbutas=Marija Gimbutas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roch_Carrier=Roch Carrier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johnny_Depp=Johnny Depp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Earl_Warren=Earl Warren
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Milton_Acorn=Milton Acorn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zecharias_Frankel=Zecharias Frankel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martin_Frobisher=Martin Frobisher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_Boswell,_Lord_Auchinleck=Alexander Boswell, Lord Auchinleck
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Lean=David Lean
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Wyatt_(poet)=Thomas Wyatt (poet)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Seymour,_1st_Duke_of_Somerset=Edward Seymour, 1st Duke of Somerset
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ricimer=Ricimer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Percy_(Hotspur)=Henry Percy (Hotspur)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ricou_Browning=Ricou Browning
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barbra_Streisand=Barbra Streisand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keith_Shine=Keith Shine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Geert_Groote=Geert Groote
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Constantijn_Huygens=Constantijn Huygens
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Do-Aklin=Do-Aklin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dakodonou=Dakodonou
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henri_Fantin-Latour=Henri Fantin-Latour
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jules_Dumont_d'Urville=Jules Dumont d'Urville
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Houegbadja=Houegbadja
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Renate_Stecher=Renate Stecher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Akaba_of_Dahomey=Akaba of Dahomey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maximilian_Kaller=Maximilian Kaller
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adandozan=Adandozan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Agonglo=Agonglo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kpengla=Kpengla
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tegbessou=Tegbessou
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Agaja=Agaja
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glele=Glele
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Agoli-agbo=Agoli-agbo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ghezo=Ghezo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean-Pierre_Rampal=Jean-Pierre Rampal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oswald_von_Wolkenstein=Oswald von Wolkenstein
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Evelyn_Ashford=Evelyn Ashford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_Alekhine=Alexander Alekhine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Simon_Stevin=Simon Stevin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Florence_Griffith_Joyner=Florence Griffith Joyner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gail_Devers=Gail Devers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Claudia_Roth=Claudia Roth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guido_Westerwelle=Guido Westerwelle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Franz_Scholz=Franz Scholz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marin_Mersenne=Marin Mersenne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saxo_Grammaticus=Saxo Grammaticus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samuel_Blommaert=Samuel Blommaert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marie_Bashkirtseff=Marie Bashkirtseff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henri_Farman=Henri Farman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Nelson_Darby=John Nelson Darby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tex_Avery=Tex Avery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antipope_Benedict_X=Antipope Benedict X
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eli_Siegel=Eli Siegel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karl_Salomo_Zachariae_von_Lingenthal=Karl Salomo Zachariae von Lingenthal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phineas_Quimby=Phineas Quimby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shantideva=Shantideva
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amanda_Craig=Amanda Craig
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Longchenpa=Longchenpa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mitch_Kapor=Mitch Kapor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steve_Cokely=Steve Cokely
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abu_Nidal=Abu Nidal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_von_Ossietzky=Carl von Ossietzky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fernandel=Fernandel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis_Comfort_Tiffany=Louis Comfort Tiffany
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edmund_Hillary=Edmund Hillary
http://dbpedia.org/resource/M._Night_Shyamalan=M. Night Shyamalan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christopher_Reeve=Christopher Reeve
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emil_Julius_Gumbel=Emil Julius Gumbel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pieter_Corneliszoon_Hooft=Pieter Corneliszoon Hooft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Katy_Jurado=Katy Jurado
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anna_Wierzbicka=Anna Wierzbicka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Douglas,_9th_Marquess_of_Queensberry=John Douglas, 9th Marquess of Queensberry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kevin_Sorbo=Kevin Sorbo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Enrico_Mattei=Enrico Mattei
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Constantius_Chlorus=Constantius Chlorus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Numerian=Numerian
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Foster_Hewitt=Foster Hewitt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_the_Silent=William the Silent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Timothy_Chambers=Timothy Chambers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Mason=James Mason
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Dukakis=Michael Dukakis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joe_Lieberman=Joe Lieberman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Moore=Michael Moore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marcus_Aurelius_Probus=Marcus Aurelius Probus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Galerius=Galerius
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Licinius=Licinius
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Valentinian_III=Valentinian III
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gratian=Gratian
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Valentinian_I=Valentinian I
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Valentinian_II=Valentinian II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/J._Presper_Eckert=J. Presper Eckert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Juba_II=Juba II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Drusilla_of_Mauretania_the_Elder=Drusilla of Mauretania the Elder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anton_Melik=Anton Melik
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pedro_de_Alvarado=Pedro de Alvarado
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aristarchus_of_Samos=Aristarchus of Samos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marian_Anderson=Marian Anderson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karl_Eduard_Zachariae_von_Lingenthal=Karl Eduard Zachariae von Lingenthal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johan_Nicolai_Madvig=Johan Nicolai Madvig
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karl_Gottlob_Zumpt=Karl Gottlob Zumpt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/August_Wilhelm_Zumpt=August Wilhelm Zumpt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antonia_Major=Antonia Major
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Berenice_(daughter_of_Herod_Agrippa)=Berenice (daughter of Herod Agrippa)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Timothy_Eaton=Timothy Eaton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeremiah=Jeremiah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Esko_Aho=Esko Aho
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Majorian=Majorian
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marie-Louise_Damien=Marie-Louise Damien
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alice_Prin=Alice Prin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beatrix_Farrand=Beatrix Farrand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walter_Karl_Koch=Walter Karl Koch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ptolemy_Philadelphus_(son_of_Cleopatra)=Ptolemy Philadelphus (son of Cleopatra)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rat_Man=Rat Man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leonardo_Ortolani=Leonardo Ortolani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ronnie_Barker=Ronnie Barker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Petra_Kelly=Petra Kelly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean-Pierre_Jeunet=Jean-Pierre Jeunet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Folke_Bernadotte=Folke Bernadotte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raimo_Heino=Raimo Heino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kevin_Smith_(New_Zealand_actor)=Kevin Smith (New Zealand actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Dukas=Paul Dukas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Servilius_Rullus=Servilius Rullus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nikolai_Rimsky-Korsakov=Nikolai Rimsky-Korsakov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cyrus_McCormick=Cyrus McCormick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amilcare_Ponchielli=Amilcare Ponchielli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_II,_Duke_of_Brabant=John II, Duke of Brabant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_III,_Duke_of_Brabant=John III, Duke of Brabant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_I,_Duke_of_Brabant=Henry I, Duke of Brabant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Fillmore=Henry Fillmore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mary_Anne_Disraeli=Mary Anne Disraeli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Fincke=Thomas Fincke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Hanning_Speke=John Hanning Speke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Rich,_1st_Earl_of_Holland=Henry Rich, 1st Earl of Holland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carloman_of_Bavaria=Carloman of Bavaria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rose_Hobart=Rose Hobart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DeForest_Kelley=DeForest Kelley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Felix_Mendelssohn=Felix Mendelssohn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Little_Turtle=Little Turtle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Max_von_Sydow=Max von Sydow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ernest_Thompson_Seton=Ernest Thompson Seton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Les_Dawson=Les Dawson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Murdo_MacKenzie=Murdo MacKenzie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roscoe_Arbuckle=Roscoe Arbuckle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ted_Osborne=Ted Osborne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wolfman_Jack=Wolfman Jack
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dick_Kinney=Dick Kinney
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beagle_Boys=Beagle Boys
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Benson_(bishop)=Edward Benson (bishop)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Butler_Yeats=John Butler Yeats
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Billy_Bitzer=Billy Bitzer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Julius_Petersen=Julius Petersen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacob_B._Winslow=Jacob B. Winslow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giovanni_da_Verrazzano=Giovanni da Verrazzano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maximinus_II=Maximinus II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maxentius=Maxentius
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francisco_Varela=Francisco Varela
http://dbpedia.org/resource/E._A._Dupont=E. A. Dupont
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kabir=Kabir
http://dbpedia.org/resource/V._Gordon_Childe=V. Gordon Childe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Brown_(servant)=John Brown (servant)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Brown_(abolitionist)=John Brown (abolitionist)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theodelinda=Theodelinda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Berthold_Schenk_Graf_von_Stauffenberg=Berthold Schenk Graf von Stauffenberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Natalie_Wood=Natalie Wood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antinous=Antinous
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicomedes_I_of_Bithynia=Nicomedes I of Bithynia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cyrus_the_Younger=Cyrus the Younger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clearchus_of_Sparta=Clearchus of Sparta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carloman_(mayor_of_the_palace)=Carloman (mayor of the palace)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gregory_Peck=Gregory Peck
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laurence_Janifer=Laurence Janifer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_the_Simple=Charles the Simple
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carinus=Carinus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kevin_Mitnick=Kevin Mitnick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Devereux,_3rd_Earl_of_Essex=Robert Devereux, 3rd Earl of Essex
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Milo_Burcham=Milo Burcham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Doohan=James Doohan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Julius_von_Payer=Julius von Payer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georg_von_Neumayer=Georg von Neumayer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Douglas_Whiteway=Douglas Whiteway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Masanobu_Fukuoka=Masanobu Fukuoka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blue_Jacket=Blue Jacket
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Julie_Andrews=Julie Andrews
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Archilochus=Archilochus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quintin_Hogg,_Baron_Hailsham_of_St_Marylebone=Quintin Hogg, Baron Hailsham of St Marylebone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alcman=Alcman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Simonides_of_Ceos=Simonides of Ceos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Didymus_Chalcenterus=Didymus Chalcenterus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ibycus=Ibycus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stobaeus=Stobaeus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zenobius=Zenobius
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aulus_Gellius=Aulus Gellius
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marcus_Cornelius_Fronto=Marcus Cornelius Fronto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Howard,_Earl_of_Surrey=Henry Howard, Earl of Surrey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Attenborough=David Attenborough
http://dbpedia.org/resource/W._E._Shewell-Cooper=W. E. Shewell-Cooper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack_Lang_(Australian_politician)=Jack Lang (Australian politician)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Douglas=Michael Douglas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eustace_II,_Count_of_Boulogne=Eustace II, Count of Boulogne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eustace_III,_Count_of_Boulogne=Eustace III, Count of Boulogne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uma_Thurman=Uma Thurman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samuel_Barber=Samuel Barber
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quintin_Hogg_(merchant)=Quintin Hogg (merchant)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harvey_Keitel=Harvey Keitel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lady_Arbella_Stuart=Lady Arbella Stuart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Godigisel=Godigisel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xanthius=Xanthius
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ada_Adler=Ada Adler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ralph_Vaughan_Williams=Ralph Vaughan Williams
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eunomius_of_Cyzicus=Eunomius of Cyzicus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Athalaric=Athalaric
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orosius=Orosius
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daniel_Handler=Daniel Handler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Priscillian=Priscillian
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stephin_Merritt=Stephin Merritt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pindar=Pindar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matilda_of_Flanders=Matilda of Flanders
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sporus_of_Nicaea=Sporus of Nicaea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hipponax=Hipponax
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Willie=John Willie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carloman_I=Carloman I
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lucas_Cranach_the_Younger=Lucas Cranach the Younger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giovanni_Gabrieli=Giovanni Gabrieli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shigeru_Miyamoto=Shigeru Miyamoto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stephen,_Count_of_Blois=Stephen, Count of Blois
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vandana_Shiva=Vandana Shiva
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dean_Acheson=Dean Acheson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Foster_Dulles=John Foster Dulles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daniel_Ellsberg=Daniel Ellsberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_Haig=Alexander Haig
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Graham_Martin=Graham Martin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dean_Rusk=Dean Rusk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clark_Clifford=Clark Clifford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lou_Tellegen=Lou Tellegen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Hapgood=Charles Hapgood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Favorinus=Favorinus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philostratus=Philostratus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/J._C._Jacobsen=J. C. Jacobsen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Helena_Bonham_Carter=Helena Bonham Carter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eurytus=Eurytus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Simplicius_of_Cilicia=Simplicius of Cilicia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Statius=Statius
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ausonius=Ausonius
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stilicho=Stilicho
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Euric=Euric
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boleslaus_I,_Duke_of_Bohemia=Boleslaus I, Duke of Bohemia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Nyman=Michael Nyman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Terrence_Malick=Terrence Malick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mira_Nair=Mira Nair
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Terry_Scott=Terry Scott
http://dbpedia.org/resource/June_Whitfield=June Whitfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cher=Cher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francis_Marion=Francis Marion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ahmed_Yassin=Ahmed Yassin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ahmose_I=Ahmose I
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harold_Macmillan=Harold Macmillan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Epimenides=Epimenides
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kate_Mulgrew=Kate Mulgrew
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Banjo_Paterson=Banjo Paterson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Kerr_(governor-general)=John Kerr (governor-general)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andoni_Goikoetxea_Olaskoaga=Andoni Goikoetxea Olaskoaga
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pietro_d'Abano=Pietro d'Abano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Hindemith=Paul Hindemith
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marianne_Fredriksson=Marianne Fredriksson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Astrid_Kirchherr=Astrid Kirchherr
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfred_Adler=Alfred Adler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rainer_Werner_Fassbinder=Rainer Werner Fassbinder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Olympias=Olympias
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cleite=Cleite
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mary-Kate_Olsen=Mary-Kate Olsen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_G._Avildsen=John G. Avildsen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Newcomen=Thomas Newcomen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Melvil_Dewey=Melvil Dewey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tenes=Tenes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Qakare_Ibi=Qakare Ibi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tina_Turner=Tina Turner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hellen=Hellen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marc-Antoine_Charpentier=Marc-Antoine Charpentier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Pears=Peter Pears
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anders_Dahl=Anders Dahl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vilhelm_Thomsen=Vilhelm Thomsen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Merneferre_Ay=Merneferre Ay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/F._W._Murnau=F. W. Murnau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pelopidas=Pelopidas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack_Benny=Jack Benny
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elliot_S._Maggin=Elliot S. Maggin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philochorus=Philochorus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hippodamus_of_Miletus=Hippodamus of Miletus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alan_Bennett=Alan Bennett
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maggie_Smith=Maggie Smith
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Susan_Barrantes=Susan Barrantes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leo_McCarey=Leo McCarey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_C._Scott=George C. Scott
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fabian_Pascal=Fabian Pascal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ralph_Rumney=Ralph Rumney
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Lindbergh=Charles Lindbergh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Neve_Campbell=Neve Campbell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georg_Mohr=Georg Mohr
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zalmoxis=Zalmoxis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ernst_Lubitsch=Ernst Lubitsch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Artur_Gavazzi=Artur Gavazzi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sting_(musician)=Sting (musician)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lionel_Tertis=Lionel Tertis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Primrose=William Primrose
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lee_Haney=Lee Haney
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kazuo_Ishiguro=Kazuo Ishiguro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lea_DeLaria=Lea DeLaria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leslie_Howard_(actor)=Leslie Howard (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marozia=Marozia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Polymnestus=Polymnestus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pythias=Pythias
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ettore_Bugatti=Ettore Bugatti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ptolemy_XIII_Theos_Philopator=Ptolemy XIII Theos Philopator
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ronald_Howard_(British_actor)=Ronald Howard (British actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jessica_Tandy=Jessica Tandy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Demetrius_II_Aetolicus=Demetrius II Aetolicus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ricky_Martin=Ricky Martin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ptolemy_IV_Philopator=Ptolemy IV Philopator
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ptolemy_V_Epiphanes=Ptolemy V Epiphanes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ptolemy_I_Soter=Ptolemy I Soter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Demetrius_II_Nicator=Demetrius II Nicator
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seleucus_IV_Philopator=Seleucus IV Philopator
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Herschel_Grynszpan=Herschel Grynszpan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bob_Burnquist=Bob Burnquist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Juan_Laporte=Juan Laporte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oliver_Hardy=Oliver Hardy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christopher_J._Date=Christopher J. Date
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guillermo_Gorostiza=Guillermo Gorostiza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hugh_Darwen=Hugh Darwen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Neville_Brand=Neville Brand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seleucus_II_Callinicus=Seleucus II Callinicus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Perdiccas=Perdiccas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_N._Mitchell=John N. Mitchell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arrigo_Boito=Arrigo Boito
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ernst_Moritz_Arndt=Ernst Moritz Arndt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Winsor_McCay=Winsor McCay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/H._Rap_Brown=H. Rap Brown
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jane_Birkin=Jane Birkin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_Seberg=Jean Seberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vladimir_Batagelj=Vladimir Batagelj
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jan_Tschichold=Jan Tschichold
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nick_Nolte=Nick Nolte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Thorndike=Edward Thorndike
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Morta=Morta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Donat=Robert Donat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Molly_Ringwald=Molly Ringwald
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francis_Bellamy=Francis Bellamy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ramzi_bin_al-Shibh=Ramzi bin al-Shibh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cyndi_Lauper=Cyndi Lauper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Darius_Milhaud=Darius Milhaud
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amelia_Earhart=Amelia Earhart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lupercus=Lupercus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bob_Arum=Bob Arum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Bayley_(writer)=John Bayley (writer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Judi_Dench=Judi Dench
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pilar_Montenegro=Pilar Montenegro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gaius_Mucius_Scaevola=Gaius Mucius Scaevola
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adelard_of_Bath=Adelard of Bath
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Knud_Jeppesen=Knud Jeppesen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Justin_(historian)=Justin (historian)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thorvald_Asvaldsson=Thorvald Asvaldsson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Erik_the_Red=Erik the Red
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Halfdan_the_Black=Halfdan the Black
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Milton_S._Hershey=Milton S. Hershey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bartholomeus_Anglicus=Bartholomeus Anglicus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mohammed_Omar=Mohammed Omar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maelgwn_Gwynedd=Maelgwn Gwynedd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tim_Montgomery=Tim Montgomery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Heartfield=John Heartfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eric_Morecambe=Eric Morecambe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alger_Hiss=Alger Hiss
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rosamund_Clifford=Rosamund Clifford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alain_Lipietz=Alain Lipietz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saint_Elen=Saint Elen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nadar_(photographer)=Nadar (photographer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilhelm_Maybach=Wilhelm Maybach
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harold_Murray=Harold Murray
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walter_Chrysler=Walter Chrysler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sergei_Korolev=Sergei Korolev
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kara_Mustafa_Pasha=Kara Mustafa Pasha
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miha_Remec=Miha Remec
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Preston_(author)=John Preston (author)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jim_Carrey=Jim Carrey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Winona_LaDuke=Winona LaDuke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emiliano_Zapata=Emiliano Zapata
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Terry_Fox=Terry Fox
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ali_ibn_Isa_al-Asturlabi=Ali ibn Isa al-Asturlabi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfred_Deller=Alfred Deller
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fred_MacMurray=Fred MacMurray
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Cowell=Henry Cowell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dieterich_Buxtehude=Dieterich Buxtehude
http://dbpedia.org/resource/LeVar_Burton=LeVar Burton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/H._H._Asquith=H. H. Asquith
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martin_Amis=Martin Amis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Woodward_(inventor)=Henry Woodward (inventor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfred_Fuller=Alfred Fuller
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mathew_Evans=Mathew Evans
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gudrun=Gudrun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Gounod=Charles Gounod
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Robertson_(businessman)=Michael Robertson (businessman)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Stafford,_2nd_Duke_of_Buckingham=Henry Stafford, 2nd Duke of Buckingham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marilyn_Bell=Marilyn Bell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wil_Wheaton=Wil Wheaton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leleti_Khumalo=Leleti Khumalo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maurice_Papon=Maurice Papon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mary-Kate_and_Ashley_Olsen=Mary-Kate and Ashley Olsen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Irving=David Irving
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Mitchum=Robert Mitchum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mickey_Rooney=Mickey Rooney
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilhelm_Bleek=Wilhelm Bleek
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shalmaneser_I=Shalmaneser I
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shalmaneser_II=Shalmaneser II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bert_Fields=Bert Fields
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shalmaneser_IV=Shalmaneser IV
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Roth_(businessman)=John Roth (businessman)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Conon_of_Samos=Conon of Samos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hubert_de_Burgh,_1st_Earl_of_Kent=Hubert de Burgh, 1st Earl of Kent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Josephine_Tey=Josephine Tey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Camille_Claudel=Camille Claudel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Fiennes=Joseph Fiennes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jonathan_Frakes=Jonathan Frakes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lorenzo_Mascheroni=Lorenzo Mascheroni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hendrik_Lorentz=Hendrik Lorentz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Chamberlain=Joseph Chamberlain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wendy_Hiller=Wendy Hiller
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peggy_Cass=Peggy Cass
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Lott=John Lott
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diane_de_Poitiers=Diane de Poitiers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brewster_Kahle=Brewster Kahle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alejandro_Toledo=Alejandro Toledo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack_Warner=Jack Warner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mario_Morales=Mario Morales
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Cassidy=David Cassidy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steve_Caton=Steve Caton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sandra_Bernhard=Sandra Bernhard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Olivia_de_Havilland=Olivia de Havilland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_L._Stimson=Henry L. Stimson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eugenio_Tavolara=Eugenio Tavolara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roger_Corman=Roger Corman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Barbier=George Barbier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roger_Vadim=Roger Vadim
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Wittgenstein=Paul Wittgenstein
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daniel_D._Tompkins=Daniel D. Tompkins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Morel=Richard Morel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_M._Dallas=George M. Dallas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Mentor_Johnson=Richard Mentor Johnson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_R._King=William R. King
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Schuyler_Colfax=Schuyler Colfax
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Wilson=Henry Wilson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_A._Wheeler=William A. Wheeler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_A._Hendricks=Thomas A. Hendricks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Levi_P._Morton=Levi P. Morton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Percy_Barnevik=Percy Barnevik
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_Oscar_Borg=Carl Oscar Borg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elsa_Beskow=Elsa Beskow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Curtiz=Michael Curtiz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fredrika_Bremer=Fredrika Bremer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Morton_Feldman=Morton Feldman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philippe_de_Commines=Philippe de Commines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dorothy_Tutin=Dorothy Tutin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angelo_Parra=Angelo Parra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mike_Farrell=Mike Farrell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joanna_Lumley=Joanna Lumley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luis_Cernuda=Luis Cernuda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kerri_Green=Kerri Green
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martha_Plimpton=Martha Plimpton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steve_Antin=Steve Antin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anne_Ramsey=Anne Ramsey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeff_Cohen_(actor)=Jeff Cohen (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alan_Paton=Alan Paton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Loretta_Swit=Loretta Swit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gary_Burghoff=Gary Burghoff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Christopher=William Christopher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jamie_Farr=Jamie Farr
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wayne_Rogers=Wayne Rogers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lady_Chablis=The Lady Chablis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Akhenaten=Akhenaten
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrew_Fleming=Andrew Fleming
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ann_Macbeth=Ann Macbeth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alain_Resnais=Alain Resnais
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Morphy=Paul Morphy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karl_Koch_(hacker)=Karl Koch (hacker)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aratus=Aratus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Neville=Peter Neville
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ben_Stiller=Ben Stiller
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Corey_Feldman=Corey Feldman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moshe_Dayan=Moshe Dayan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quentin_Matsys=Quentin Matsys
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Candy=John Candy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don_Francisco_(television_host)=Don Francisco (television host)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thora_Hird=Thora Hird
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Debi_Mazar=Debi Mazar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colin_Ward=Colin Ward
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Errico_Malatesta=Errico Malatesta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gilda_Radner=Gilda Radner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sergei_Bodrov,_Jr.=Sergei Bodrov, Jr.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Gobel=George Gobel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guy_Ritchie=Guy Ritchie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christina_Nilsson=Christina Nilsson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hugh_Paddick=Hugh Paddick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stephen_Krashen=Stephen Krashen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jim_Cummins_(professor)=Jim Cummins (professor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tracy_D._Terrell=Tracy D. Terrell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eric_Cartman=Eric Cartman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Art_Clokey=Art Clokey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adlai_Stevenson_I=Adlai Stevenson I
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_W._Fairbanks=Charles W. Fairbanks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_S._Sherman=James S. Sherman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Len_Sassaman=Len Sassaman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Nance_Garner=John Nance Garner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francisco_de_Orellana=Francisco de Orellana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_G._Dawes=Charles G. Dawes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ptolemy_VII_Neos_Philopator=Ptolemy VII Neos Philopator
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ptolemy_VI_Philometor=Ptolemy VI Philometor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Art_Frahm=Art Frahm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seleucus_III_Ceraunus=Seleucus III Ceraunus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hilary_Swank=Hilary Swank
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_McGann=Paul McGann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hattie_McDaniel=Hattie McDaniel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ralph_Bakshi=Ralph Bakshi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mohammed_Deif=Mohammed Deif
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Conrad_Hilton=Conrad Hilton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Olav_Koss=Johann Olav Koss
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luli=Luli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/McGeorge_Bundy=McGeorge Bundy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reese_Witherspoon=Reese Witherspoon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hugh_J._Schonfield=Hugh J. Schonfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rick_Elias=Rick Elias
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lucia_Pamela=Lucia Pamela
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brennan_Manning=Brennan Manning
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nigel_Hawthorne=Nigel Hawthorne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Delia_Bacon=Delia Bacon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Branson=Richard Branson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gates_McFadden=Gates McFadden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brent_Spiner=Brent Spiner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kevyn_Aucoin=Kevyn Aucoin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roseanne_Barr=Roseanne Barr
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hamilcar_Barca=Hamilcar Barca
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clifford_Harper=Clifford Harper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bessus=Bessus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bagoas=Bagoas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marc_Isambard_Brunel=Marc Isambard Brunel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aaron_Smith_(musician)=Aaron Smith (musician)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sally_Ride=Sally Ride
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Walton=William Walton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Grosseteste=Robert Grosseteste
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adam_Marsh=Adam Marsh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fran_Ulmer=Fran Ulmer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Erik_Waller_(collector)=Erik Waller (collector)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samuel_Cunard=Samuel Cunard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nikephoros_Kallistos_Xanthopoulos=Nikephoros Kallistos Xanthopoulos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Stirling_(mathematician)=James Stirling (mathematician)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leslie_Phillips=Leslie Phillips
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Greene=Richard Greene
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aikanaka_(mythology)=Aikanaka (mythology)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Graham_Norton=Graham Norton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matthew_Shepard=Matthew Shepard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ian_Paisley=Ian Paisley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ato_Boldon=Ato Boldon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hereward_the_Wake=Hereward the Wake
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jochen_Hippel=Jochen Hippel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reginald_Fessenden=Reginald Fessenden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quintilian=Quintilian
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Callimachus=Callimachus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Lannin=Joseph Lannin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tori_Spelling=Tori Spelling
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harman_Blennerhassett=Harman Blennerhassett
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gerald_Bull=Gerald Bull
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laura_Ashley=Laura Ashley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Moulton_Marston=William Moulton Marston
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kelly_Osbourne=Kelly Osbourne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pedro_Zamora=Pedro Zamora
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caesar_the_Geezer=Caesar the Geezer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albert_Hadley=Albert Hadley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sister_Parish=Sister Parish
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jules_Richard=Jules Richard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Bolt=Robert Bolt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jamie_Lynn_Spears=Jamie Lynn Spears
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fred_Zinnemann=Fred Zinnemann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_Nielsen=Carl Nielsen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Will_Jennings=Will Jennings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Mansfield=David Mansfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steven_Soles=Steven Soles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flora_Brovina=Flora Brovina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anytus=Anytus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Barclay_Parsons=William Barclay Parsons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johnny_Adair=Johnny Adair
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prodicus=Prodicus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bo_Leuf=Bo Leuf
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jerry_Lee_Lewis=Jerry Lee Lewis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Gair=Robert Gair
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Al_McCoy_(announcer)=Al McCoy (announcer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bill_Simon_(politician)=Bill Simon (politician)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samuel_Shellabarger=Samuel Shellabarger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kristin_Kreuk=Kristin Kreuk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Conrad=Paul Conrad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrei_Chikatilo=Andrei Chikatilo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Ratzenberger=John Ratzenberger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Monte_Young=La Monte Young
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rene_Farrait=Rene Farrait
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bruce_Paltrow=Bruce Paltrow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Gary=Joseph Gary
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aristoxenus=Aristoxenus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theramenes=Theramenes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frances_Wright=Frances Wright
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shoko_Asahara=Shoko Asahara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Boyer=Charles Boyer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Herman_of_Carinthia=Herman of Carinthia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rex_Harrison=Rex Harrison
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jimmy_Durante=Jimmy Durante
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Axel_Olrik=Axel Olrik
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Clowes_(printer)=William Clowes (printer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dominic_Mancini=Dominic Mancini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Buck=George Buck
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_E._Clymer=George E. Clymer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Betty_Cooper=Betty Cooper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sergei_Rachmaninoff=Sergei Rachmaninoff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oduduwa=Oduduwa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cleitarchus=Cleitarchus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ephorus=Ephorus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heinrich_Isaac=Heinrich Isaac
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christoph_Willibald_Gluck=Christoph Willibald Gluck
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vladimir_Kramnik=Vladimir Kramnik
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friedrich_Blass=Friedrich Blass
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Mark_Painter=John Mark Painter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norbert_Zongo=Norbert Zongo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Fox_Talbot=Henry Fox Talbot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Lander=David Lander
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_McKean=Michael McKean
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chris_Elliott=Chris Elliott
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andy_Kaufman=Andy Kaufman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johnny_Carson=Johnny Carson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Douglas_Lenat=Douglas Lenat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marc_Okrand=Marc Okrand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clarence_Nash=Clarence Nash
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Gallup=George Gallup
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hypereides=Hypereides
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Morton_Peto=Morton Peto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chespirito=Chespirito
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Barbarin=Paul Barbarin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis_Barbarin=Louis Barbarin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stefan_Zweig=Stefan Zweig
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dou_Xian=Dou Xian
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jerry_Herman=Jerry Herman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harry_L._Watson=Harry L. Watson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ethel_Merman=Ethel Merman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Cros=Charles Cros
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_Wilhelm_Siemens=Carl Wilhelm Siemens
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A._Baldwin_Wood=A. Baldwin Wood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/3rd_Dalai_Lama=3rd Dalai Lama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1st_Dalai_Lama=1st Dalai Lama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jef_Raskin=Jef Raskin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heinrich_Kiepert=Heinrich Kiepert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Denzel_Washington=Denzel Washington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jethro_Tull_(agriculturist)=Jethro Tull (agriculturist)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Shaffer=Paul Shaffer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bob_Elliott_(comedian)=Bob Elliott (comedian)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harry_Seidler=Harry Seidler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phil_Hartman=Phil Hartman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Calvert_DeForest=Calvert DeForest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frank_Oz=Frank Oz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oliver_Postgate=Oliver Postgate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roger_Bannister=Roger Bannister
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rie_Mastenbroek=Rie Mastenbroek
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tetsuya_Mizuguchi=Tetsuya Mizuguchi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nigel_Lawson=Nigel Lawson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isabelle_Adjani=Isabelle Adjani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karen_Ann_Quinlan=Karen Ann Quinlan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pietro_Carnesecchi=Pietro Carnesecchi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liev_Schreiber=Liev Schreiber
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arrian=Arrian
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nearchus=Nearchus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kenneth_Branagh=Kenneth Branagh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mira_Furlan=Mira Furlan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nella_Larsen=Nella Larsen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Sell_Cotman=John Sell Cotman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Magnus_Erlendsson,_Earl_of_Orkney=Magnus Erlendsson, Earl of Orkney
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maurice,_Prince_of_Orange=Maurice, Prince of Orange
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Frost_(Chartist)=John Frost (Chartist)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sharon_Kay_Penman=Sharon Kay Penman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charlotte_Gainsbourg=Charlotte Gainsbourg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/K._R._Narayanan=K. R. Narayanan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joschka_Fischer=Joschka Fischer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrew_Goodman=Andrew Goodman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patrick_O'Brian=Patrick O'Brian
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Douglas_Sirk=Douglas Sirk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bo_Jangeborg=Bo Jangeborg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gustav_Vigeland=Gustav Vigeland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Curt_Sachs=Curt Sachs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sally_Hemings=Sally Hemings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carol_Cleveland=Carol Cleveland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vittoria_Colonna=Vittoria Colonna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Morley_Callaghan=Morley Callaghan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_West,_3rd_Baron_De_La_Warr=Thomas West, 3rd Baron De La Warr
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_F._Sowa=John F. Sowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vladimir_Levin=Vladimir Levin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gyaltsab_Je=Gyaltsab Je
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gwenwynwyn_ap_Owain=Gwenwynwyn ap Owain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Hughes_(filmmaker)=John Hughes (filmmaker)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leonard_P._Zakim=Leonard P. Zakim
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dan_Rather=Dan Rather
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Bresson=Robert Bresson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heinosuke_Gosho=Heinosuke Gosho
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Claude_Chabrol=Claude Chabrol
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Julia_Louis-Dreyfus=Julia Louis-Dreyfus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angel_Manfredy=Angel Manfredy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don_Novello=Don Novello
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adam_Sandler=Adam Sandler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bob_Zmuda=Bob Zmuda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tina_Fey=Tina Fey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abigail_Adams=Abigail Adams
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Effie_Gray=Effie Gray
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Lansing=Robert Lansing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brandon_Teena=Brandon Teena
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johnny_Lozada=Johnny Lozada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack_Parsons_(rocket_engineer)=Jack Parsons (rocket engineer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laraine_Newman=Laraine Newman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jane_Curtin=Jane Curtin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jimmy_Carter_(boxer)=Jimmy Carter (boxer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Garrett_Morris=Garrett Morris
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bill_Murray=Bill Murray
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brian_Doyle-Murray=Brian Doyle-Murray
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Hogarth=William Hogarth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lady_Catherine_Grey=Lady Catherine Grey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mike_Myers=Mike Myers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Julius_Streicher=Julius Streicher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theobald_Mathew_(temperance_reformer)=Theobald Mathew (temperance reformer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacques_Paul_Migne=Jacques Paul Migne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Stumpf_(writer)=Johann Stumpf (writer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Martyr_Vermigli=Peter Martyr Vermigli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Josias_Simmler=Josias Simmler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Jakob_Scheuchzer=Johann Jakob Scheuchzer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Aldrich=Henry Aldrich
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giacomo_Carissimi=Giacomo Carissimi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francesco_Cavalli=Francesco Cavalli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benedetto_Marcello=Benedetto Marcello
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luigi_Rossi=Luigi Rossi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Ralston_Saul=John Ralston Saul
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antonio_Cesti=Antonio Cesti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Rosenbaum=Michael Rosenbaum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Morrissey=Paul Morrissey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hermann_von_Siemens=Hermann von Siemens
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francis_Davis_Millet=Francis Davis Millet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Cavendish_(courtier)=William Cavendish (courtier)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Soleil_Moon_Frye=Soleil Moon Frye
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elizabeth_Taylor_(novelist)=Elizabeth Taylor (novelist)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Abbott=George Abbott
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Spurgeon=Charles Spurgeon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dick_Smothers=Dick Smothers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miguel_Cancel=Miguel Cancel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Danny_DeVito=Danny DeVito
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isidore_de_Lara=Isidore de Lara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steven_Wright=Steven Wright
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Richards=Michael Richards
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heinz_von_Foerster=Heinz von Foerster
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Morgan=Henry Morgan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georges_Duby=Georges Duby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blayne_Weaver=Blayne Weaver
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christine_Taylor=Christine Taylor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Devon_Gummersall=Devon Gummersall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_Renoir=Jean Renoir
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adolph_Zukor=Adolph Zukor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeff_Beck=Jeff Beck
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Danny_Boyle=Danny Boyle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harry_Browne=Harry Browne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johnny_Dodds=Johnny Dodds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rudy_Wiedoeft=Rudy Wiedoeft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eric_Frank_Russell=Eric Frank Russell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ring_Lardner,_Jr.=Ring Lardner, Jr.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charlie_Masso=Charlie Masso
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dred_Scott=Dred Scott
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilfrid_Wilson_Gibson=Wilfrid Wilson Gibson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Sorley=Charles Sorley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Tyrrell=James Tyrrell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Julie_Brown=Julie Brown
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bud_Abbott=Bud Abbott
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lou_Costello=Lou Costello
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Ericsson=John Ericsson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chlothar_III=Chlothar III
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Childebert_I=Childebert I
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Childebert_II=Childebert II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clara_Bow=Clara Bow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wayne_Kirkpatrick=Wayne Kirkpatrick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edwin_M._Wright=Edwin M. Wright
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harvey_Washington_Wiley=Harvey Washington Wiley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ray_Reyes=Ray Reyes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Irving_Rapper=Irving Rapper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicolas_Slonimsky=Nicolas Slonimsky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Nathan_Kane=Joseph Nathan Kane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis_Finkelstein=Louis Finkelstein
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emil_Jannings=Emil Jannings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steve_Caballero=Steve Caballero
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ramiro_I_of_Aragon=Ramiro I of Aragon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_I_of_Aragon_and_Navarre=Peter I of Aragon and Navarre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Werner_Erhard=Werner Erhard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_de_Joinville=Jean de Joinville
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_Koch_(director)=Carl Koch (director)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Andrade=David Andrade
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stephen_Pearl_Andrews=Stephen Pearl Andrews
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cornelis_de_Houtman=Cornelis de Houtman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sean_Astin=Sean Astin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pontius_Pilate=Pontius Pilate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elliot_N._Dorff=Elliot N. Dorff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andy_Griffith=Andy Griffith
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aphra_Behn=Aphra Behn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Mirkin=David Mirkin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Julie_Kavner=Julie Kavner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pamela_Hayden=Pamela Hayden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tress_MacNeille=Tress MacNeille
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nancy_Cartwright=Nancy Cartwright
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marcia_Wallace=Marcia Wallace
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hank_Azaria=Hank Azaria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Israel_Shahak=Israel Shahak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Odo,_Earl_of_Kent=Odo, Earl of Kent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Howard_Stern=Howard Stern
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_H._Prescott=William H. Prescott
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fernando_Flores=Fernando Flores
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norma_McCorvey=Norma McCorvey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Owen_Tudor=Owen Tudor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_MacArthur=Charles MacArthur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adolph_Ochs=Adolph Ochs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Erich_von_Hornbostel=Erich von Hornbostel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alex_MacDougall=Alex MacDougall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greg_Flesch=Greg Flesch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ed_McTaggart=Ed McTaggart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tim_Chandler=Tim Chandler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rob_Watson=Rob Watson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Howard,_1st_Duke_of_Norfolk=John Howard, 1st Duke of Norfolk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Max_Euwe=Max Euwe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Archibald_Cox=Archibald Cox
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Howard_Keel=Howard Keel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Holman_Hunt=William Holman Hunt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vinoba_Bhave=Vinoba Bhave
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Li-Chen_Wang=Li-Chen Wang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Herostratus=Herostratus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Claude_Joseph_Rouget_de_Lisle=Claude Joseph Rouget de Lisle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jaufre_Rudel=Jaufre Rudel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Edward_Robinson=John Edward Robinson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matt_Slocum=Matt Slocum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Piers_Gaveston,_1st_Earl_of_Cornwall=Piers Gaveston, 1st Earl of Cornwall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mary_Baker_Eddy=Mary Baker Eddy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Cavendish_(writer)=George Cavendish (writer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hatuey=Hatuey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alun_Lewis=Alun Lewis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Ceiriog_Hughes=John Ceiriog Hughes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Cavendish=John Cavendish
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hugh_the_Great=Hugh the Great
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jessica_Mitford=Jessica Mitford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Unity_Mitford=Unity Mitford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deborah_Cavendish,_Duchess_of_Devonshire=Deborah Cavendish, Duchess of Devonshire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diana_Mitford=Diana Mitford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeffrey_Simpson=Jeffrey Simpson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Devon_Sawa=Devon Sawa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adele_Astaire=Adele Astaire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Margaret_Cavendish,_Duchess_of_Newcastle-upon-Tyne=Margaret Cavendish, Duchess of Newcastle-upon-Tyne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Cavendish=Thomas Cavendish
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Moose=Charles Moose
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roger_Bigod_of_Norfolk=Roger Bigod of Norfolk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Helena_Hietanen=Helena Hietanen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Paxton=Joseph Paxton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brian_Epstein=Brian Epstein
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mal_Evans=Mal Evans
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Neil_Aspinall=Neil Aspinall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Donald_Sutherland=Donald Sutherland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Graham_Greene_(actor)=Graham Greene (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ernest_Giles=Ernest Giles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A._Bartlett_Giamatti=A. Bartlett Giamatti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marcus_Giamatti=Marcus Giamatti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Giamatti=Paul Giamatti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Soong=James Soong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alan_I._Marcus=Alan I. Marcus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jim_Davis_(cartoonist)=Jim Davis (cartoonist)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Gresham=Thomas Gresham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lionel_Groulx=Lionel Groulx
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sarojini_Naidu=Sarojini Naidu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nathaniel_Gorham=Nathaniel Gorham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Strauss_II=Johann Strauss II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Strauss_I=Johann Strauss I
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adolph_Green=Adolph Green
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Betty_Comden=Betty Comden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Magic_Alex=Magic Alex
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ingvar_Kamprad=Ingvar Kamprad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Kruger=Paul Kruger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lal_Bahadur_Shastri=Lal Bahadur Shastri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zecharia_Sitchin=Zecharia Sitchin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fred_Rogers=Fred Rogers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wendell_Anderson=Wendell Anderson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Harris=Richard Harris
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toshiro_Mifune=Toshiro Mifune
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harry_Hay=Harry Hay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leoline_Jenkins=Leoline Jenkins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elizabeth_Pakenham,_Countess_of_Longford=Elizabeth Pakenham, Countess of Longford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Edward_Lloyd=John Edward Lloyd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frank_Pakenham,_7th_Earl_of_Longford=Frank Pakenham, 7th Earl of Longford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfred_Brendel=Alfred Brendel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ronald_Syme=Ronald Syme
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A._J._P._Taylor=A. J. P. Taylor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hugh_Trevor-Roper=Hugh Trevor-Roper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_King_(poet)=William King (poet)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Geoff_Emerick=Geoff Emerick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Montagu,_1st_Earl_of_Halifax=Charles Montagu, 1st Earl of Halifax
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lien_Chan=Lien Chan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfred_Delp=Alfred Delp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Agathias=Agathias
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gordian_III=Gordian III
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Zonaras=John Zonaras
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flora_MacDonald=Flora MacDonald
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lynette_Chico=Lynette Chico
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sviatoslav_Richter=Sviatoslav Richter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Helms=Richard Helms
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edgar_Bergen=Edgar Bergen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack_Webb=Jack Webb
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cai_Lun=Cai Lun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brothers_Quay=Brothers Quay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arthur_de_Gobineau=Arthur de Gobineau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ian_Hislop=Ian Hislop
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Langtoft=Peter Langtoft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Layamon=Layamon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kenneth_McVay=Kenneth McVay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wace=Wace
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dorothea_Beale=Dorothea Beale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robbie_Ross=Robbie Ross
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Lilburne=John Lilburne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gerald_Finzi=Gerald Finzi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arthur_Honegger=Arthur Honegger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Constantius_III=Constantius III
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Josh_Ryan_Evans=Josh Ryan Evans
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edmond_de_Goncourt=Edmond de Goncourt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toussaint_Louverture=Toussaint Louverture
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madonna_(entertainer)=Madonna (entertainer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Niketas_Choniates=Niketas Choniates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Choniates=Michael Choniates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_James_Fox=Charles James Fox
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marcus_Clarke=Marcus Clarke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lon_Chaney,_Jr.=Lon Chaney, Jr.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Brongersma=Edward Brongersma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Milan_Vidmar=Milan Vidmar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fab_Five_Freddy=Fab Five Freddy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ferdinand_Gregorovius=Ferdinand Gregorovius
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicephorus_Gregoras=Nicephorus Gregoras
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rupert_Sheldrake=Rupert Sheldrake
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theodore_Metochites=Theodore Metochites
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karl_Krumbacher=Karl Krumbacher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Psellos=Michael Psellos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Massimo_Troisi=Massimo Troisi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gershom_ben_Judah=Gershom ben Judah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carausius=Carausius
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Allectus=Allectus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeff_Bezos=Jeff Bezos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mos_Def=Mos Def
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Connie_Chung=Connie Chung
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lucy_Liu=Lucy Liu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jerry_Yang_(entrepreneur)=Jerry Yang (entrepreneur)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christian_Morgenstern=Christian Morgenstern
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anthony_Stafford_Beer=Anthony Stafford Beer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Townley=Charles Townley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Tollemache=Thomas Tollemache
http://dbpedia.org/resource/J._Robert_Janes=J. Robert Janes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Quiller_Orchardson=William Quiller Orchardson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Hall_(minister)=Robert Hall (minister)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Les_Brown_(bandleader)=Les Brown (bandleader)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Ogilby=John Ogilby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cyril_Jackson=Cyril Jackson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matthew_Paris=Matthew Paris
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edmund_Gosse=Edmund Gosse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Caxton=William Caxton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Marsh_(polymath)=Edward Marsh (polymath)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vivien_Merchant=Vivien Merchant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Pachymeres=George Pachymeres
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Akropolites=George Akropolites
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Bancroft=George Bancroft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chester_Morris=Chester Morris
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A._I._Shlyakhter=A. I. Shlyakhter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Warner_Baxter=Warner Baxter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chi_Cheng_(athlete)=Chi Cheng (athlete)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lewis_Stone=Lewis Stone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Franz_Danzi=Franz Danzi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ronald_Colman=Ronald Colman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wallace_Beery=Wallace Beery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lawrence_Tibbett=Lawrence Tibbett
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Erik_Estrada=Erik Estrada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zalman_Schachter-Shalomi=Zalman Schachter-Shalomi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frederick_George_Jackson=Frederick George Jackson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mason_Jackson=Mason Jackson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Jacotot=Joseph Jacotot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Marie_Jacquard=Joseph Marie Jacquard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Jacob_Baer=William Jacob Baer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Baffin=William Baffin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karl_Friedrich_Bahrdt=Karl Friedrich Bahrdt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johannes_Dantiscus=Johannes Dantiscus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nathan_Bailey=Nathan Bailey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gamaliel_Bailey=Gamaliel Bailey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philip_James_Bailey=Philip James Bailey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adrien_Baillet=Adrien Baillet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baillie_of_Jerviswood=Baillie of Jerviswood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Baillie=Robert Baillie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lady_Grizel_Baillie=Lady Grizel Baillie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Conlon_Nancarrow=Conlon Nancarrow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Hellier_Baily=William Hellier Baily
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jackie_Gleason=Jackie Gleason
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nino_Rota=Nino Rota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/H._H._Kung=H. H. Kung
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Bainbridge_(astronomer)=John Bainbridge (astronomer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giuseppe_Baini=Giuseppe Baini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Georg_Baiter=Johann Georg Baiter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Martyn_Baird=Henry Martyn Baird
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brian_Friel=Brian Friel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Synesius=Synesius
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adrianus_Turnebus=Adrianus Turnebus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_Froissart=Jean Froissart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Baius=Michael Baius
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walter_Map=Walter Map
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sarah_Churchill,_Duchess_of_Marlborough=Sarah Churchill, Duchess of Marlborough
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jan_Bake=Jan Bake
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Baker_(chronicler)=Richard Baker (chronicler)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zeno_of_Elea=Zeno of Elea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samuel_Baker=Samuel Baker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matthias_Ettrich=Matthias Ettrich
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Reed_(journalist)=John Reed (journalist)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glenn_Quinn=Glenn Quinn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paramahansa_Yogananda=Paramahansa Yogananda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adam_Resnick=Adam Resnick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Baker_(antiquarian)=Thomas Baker (antiquarian)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Constantine_Lascaris=Constantine Lascaris
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_Borodin=Alexander Borodin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adriano_Balbi=Adriano Balbi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cesare_Balbo=Cesare Balbo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heitham_Al-Sayed=Heitham Al-Sayed
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mily_Balakirev=Mily Balakirev
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abraham_ibn_Ezra=Abraham ibn Ezra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albert_Ballin=Albert Ballin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bernardino_Baldi=Bernardino Baldi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jakob_Balde=Jakob Balde
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Filippo_Baldinucci=Filippo Baldinucci
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samson_Raphael_Hirsch=Samson Raphael Hirsch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samuel_Holdheim=Samuel Holdheim
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mark_Retera=Mark Retera
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Liddell=Henry Liddell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alice_Liddell=Alice Liddell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alesso_Baldovinetti=Alesso Baldovinetti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sir_Henry_Rawlinson,_1st_Baronet=Sir Henry Rawlinson, 1st Baronet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Rawlinson=George Rawlinson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/H._R._Haldeman=H. R. Haldeman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vladimir_Horowitz=Vladimir Horowitz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kevin_Costner=Kevin Costner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sai_Baba_of_Shirdi=Sai Baba of Shirdi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sathya_Sai_Baba=Sathya Sai Baba
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christina_Aguilera=Christina Aguilera
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steve_Allen=Steve Allen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kenny_Baker_(English_actor)=Kenny Baker (English actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carmen_Dominicci=Carmen Dominicci
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chris_Farley=Chris Farley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anton_Peterlin_(physicist)=Anton Peterlin (physicist)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Qaed_Salim_Sinan_al-Harethi=Qaed Salim Sinan al-Harethi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jonathan_Pryce=Jonathan Pryce
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacobus_Balduinus=Jacobus Balduinus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baldus_de_Ubaldis=Baldus de Ubaldis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_Nicot=Jean Nicot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bahya_ibn_Paquda=Bahya ibn Paquda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Germaine_Tailleferre=Germaine Tailleferre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_Wilhelm_Wirtz=Carl Wilhelm Wirtz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lady_Ottoline_Morrell=Lady Ottoline Morrell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georges_Auric=Georges Auric
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Klemens_von_Metternich=Klemens von Metternich
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Rae_(explorer)=John Rae (explorer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hubert_Parry=Hubert Parry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Austen_Henry_Layard=Austen Henry Layard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Bossie=David Bossie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hormuzd_Rassam=Hormuzd Rassam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bob_Mills_(comedian)=Bob Mills (comedian)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francis_Poulenc=Francis Poulenc
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georges_Guibourg=Georges Guibourg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ramesses_III=Ramesses III
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antonio_Margheriti=Antonio Margheriti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis_Durey=Louis Durey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Fowler_(politician)=John Fowler (politician)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfred_P._Sloan=Alfred P. Sloan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baldwin_II_of_Constantinople=Baldwin II of Constantinople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harry_Clarke=Harry Clarke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Domingo_Ugartechea=Domingo Ugartechea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Claudian=Claudian
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stewart_Holbrook=Stewart Holbrook
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jackie_Cooper=Jackie Cooper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adolphe_Menjou=Adolphe Menjou
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfred_Lunt=Alfred Lunt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Dix=Richard Dix
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jovian_(emperor)=Jovian (emperor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Basiliscus=Basiliscus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brandy_Norwood=Brandy Norwood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carol_Haney=Carol Haney
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steve_McQueen=Steve McQueen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Moore_(anarchist)=John Moore (anarchist)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Margaret_Booth=Margaret Booth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joan_Greenwood=Joan Greenwood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glynis_Johns=Glynis Johns
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Mark_Baldwin=James Mark Baldwin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Simon_Rattle=Simon Rattle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Bales=Peter Bales
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theodore_of_Tarsus=Theodore of Tarsus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeannette_Rankin=Jeannette Rankin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aspar=Aspar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alberto_Gerchunoff=Alberto Gerchunoff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frank_Morgan=Frank Morgan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Franchot_Tone=Franchot Tone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walter_Huston=Walter Huston
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brad_Fitzpatrick=Brad Fitzpatrick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Spencer_(religious_leader)=Peter Spencer (religious leader)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ebroin=Ebroin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Williams_Pantycelyn=William Williams Pantycelyn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Howell_Harris=Howell Harris
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Raikes=Robert Raikes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ecgfrith_of_Northumbria=Ecgfrith of Northumbria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matthew_Cook=Matthew Cook
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isabelle_Huppert=Isabelle Huppert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jane_Bathori=Jane Bathori
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stephen_of_Ripon=Stephen of Ripon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marlene_Dietrich=Marlene Dietrich
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pupienus_and_Balbinus=Pupienus and Balbinus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nichelle_Nichols=Nichelle Nichols
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lewis_V._Baldwin=Lewis V. Baldwin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joe_Biden=Joe Biden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mike_Shinoda=Mike Shinoda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jimmy_Abegg=Jimmy Abegg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chris_Tarrant=Chris Tarrant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raymond_Massey=Raymond Massey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monty_Woolley=Monty Woolley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walter_Pidgeon=Walter Pidgeon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Lukas=Paul Lukas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_Knox=Alexander Knox
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barry_Fitzgerald=Barry Fitzgerald
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean-Baptiste_Lamarck=Jean-Baptiste Lamarck
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Les_Paul=Les Paul
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bertrand_Blier=Bertrand Blier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Stevenson_(engineer)=David Stevenson (engineer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Susan_Blackmore=Susan Blackmore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rupert_Hart-Davis=Rupert Hart-Davis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Duff_Hart-Davis=Duff Hart-Davis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Fleming_(writer)=Peter Fleming (writer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leonard_Huxley_(writer)=Leonard Huxley (writer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ratramnus=Ratramnus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cynewulf_of_Wessex=Cynewulf of Wessex
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ine_of_Wessex=Ine of Wessex
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Noel_Jones_(diplomat)=Noel Jones (diplomat)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Losey=Joseph Losey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Margaret_Brown=Margaret Brown
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_William_Balfe=Michael William Balfe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michel_Legrand=Michel Legrand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dorothea_Jordan=Dorothea Jordan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arthur_Balfour=Arthur Balfour
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Drinkwater_(playwright)=John Drinkwater (playwright)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Rennie_the_Elder=John Rennie the Elder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gabriel_Yared=Gabriel Yared
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andreas_Baader=Andreas Baader
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bob_Crane=Bob Crane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Danica_McKellar=Danica McKellar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Balfour_(philosopher)=Robert Balfour (philosopher)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Balfour,_Lord_Pittendreich=James Balfour, Lord Pittendreich
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hugo_Spadafora=Hugo Spadafora
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Merlin_Santana=Merlin Santana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brook_Kerr=Brook Kerr
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Pilger=John Pilger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crystal_McKellar=Crystal McKellar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martin_Kamen=Martin Kamen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kristina_Lugn=Kristina Lugn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carole_Hayman=Carole Hayman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coluche=Coluche
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Olivier_Messiaen=Olivier Messiaen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Alexander_Parks=George Alexander Parks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Al-Ghazali=Al-Ghazali
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Florence_of_Worcester=Florence of Worcester
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marianus_Scotus_of_Mainz=Marianus Scotus of Mainz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_McDougall_(politician)=William McDougall (politician)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Stormare=Peter Stormare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christopher_Ewart-Biggs=Christopher Ewart-Biggs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicolas_Fouquet=Nicolas Fouquet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leif_Erikson=Leif Erikson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_Fredrik_Hill=Carl Fredrik Hill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norman_Jewison=Norman Jewison
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrey_Ershov=Andrey Ershov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Oistrakh=David Oistrakh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raquel_Welch=Raquel Welch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martin_Walt=Martin Walt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Simmons=Richard Simmons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nathan_Milstein=Nathan Milstein
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nigel_Kennedy=Nigel Kennedy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arnold_Bax=Arnold Bax
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tasmin_Little=Tasmin Little
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Tippett=Michael Tippett
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Constantin_Silvestri=Constantin Silvestri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philip_the_Apostle=Philip the Apostle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laurent_Gbagbo=Laurent Gbagbo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emlyn_Williams=Emlyn Williams
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Jeffreys,_1st_Baron_Jeffreys=George Jeffreys, 1st Baron Jeffreys
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nancy_Pelosi=Nancy Pelosi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Touvier=Paul Touvier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Holden=William Holden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mervyn_LeRoy=Mervyn LeRoy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shirley_MacLaine=Shirley MacLaine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Stevens=George Stevens
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aretha_Franklin=Aretha Franklin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jim_Duffy_(journalist)=Jim Duffy (journalist)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Myrna_Loy=Myrna Loy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Claudette_Colvin=Claudette Colvin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mary_Louise_Smith_(civil_rights_activist)=Mary Louise Smith (civil rights activist)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norbert_Rillieux=Norbert Rillieux
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eudora_Welty=Eudora Welty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Castellano=Paul Castellano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hugo_Wolf=Hugo Wolf
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bruce_Forsyth=Bruce Forsyth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Dickinson=David Dickinson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adrian_Boult=Adrian Boult
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sid_Meier=Sid Meier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ernest_Ansermet=Ernest Ansermet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bill_Stealey=Bill Stealey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Margaux_Hemingway=Margaux Hemingway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alastair_Sim=Alastair Sim
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Juan_Carazo=Juan Carazo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raphael_Holinshed=Raphael Holinshed
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Harrison_(priest)=William Harrison (priest)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Simon_Rex=Simon Rex
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrew_D._Gordon=Andrew D. Gordon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Julia_Deakin=Julia Deakin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harry_Partch=Harry Partch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Simon_Pegg=Simon Pegg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hostilian=Hostilian
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Takehiko_Inoue=Takehiko Inoue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Celia_Larkin=Celia Larkin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Oswald_(composer)=John Oswald (composer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Koza=John Koza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Clinton_(vice_president)=George Clinton (vice president)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fred_A._Leuchter=Fred A. Leuchter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angus_Deayton=Angus Deayton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albert_Fish=Albert Fish
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carlo_Gambino=Carlo Gambino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marvin_Gaye=Marvin Gaye
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Schutz=William Schutz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sid_Sackson=Sid Sackson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Simon_Brett=Simon Brett
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stephen_Kovacevich=Stephen Kovacevich
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Balguy=John Balguy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Melissa_Joan_Hart=Melissa Joan Hart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yury_of_Moscow=Yury of Moscow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bruno_Walter=Bruno Walter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Myra_Hindley=Myra Hindley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frederick_I,_Margrave_of_Baden=Frederick I, Margrave of Baden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_of_Fordun=John of Fordun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Forbes_Skene=William Forbes Skene
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Beecham=Thomas Beecham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Ballantine=William Ballantine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hosea_Ballou=Hosea Ballou
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jaime_Balmes=Jaime Balmes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Balnaves=Henry Balnaves
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Gravier,_comte_de_Vergennes=Charles Gravier, comte de Vergennes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Heinrich_Zedler=Johann Heinrich Zedler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mark_Lawrence_(musician)=Mark Lawrence (musician)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Conrad_Ferdinand_Meyer=Conrad Ferdinand Meyer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coleman_Young=Coleman Young
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lucky_Luciano=Lucky Luciano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Donald_Pleasence=Donald Pleasence
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_P._O'Neill=John P. O'Neill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis-Pierre_Baltard=Louis-Pierre Baltard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Constantine_III_(Western_Roman_Emperor)=Constantine III (Western Roman Emperor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Didius_Julianus=Didius Julianus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vilhelm_Moberg=Vilhelm Moberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Federica_Montseny=Federica Montseny
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_Balue=Jean Balue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean-Louis_Guez_de_Balzac=Jean-Louis Guez de Balzac
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frankie_Fitzgerald=Frankie Fitzgerald
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leif_Erickson_(actor)=Leif Erickson (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leopold_II,_Holy_Roman_Emperor=Leopold II, Holy Roman Emperor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Queen_Latifah=Queen Latifah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dodi_Fayed=Dodi Fayed
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edmund_FitzAlan-Howard,_1st_Viscount_FitzAlan_of_Derwent=Edmund FitzAlan-Howard, 1st Viscount FitzAlan of Derwent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Texas_Guinan=Texas Guinan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Browning=John Browning
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Danielle_Fishel=Danielle Fishel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Coburn=James Coburn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Havergal_Brian=Havergal Brian
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ludwig_Bamberger=Ludwig Bamberger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samuel_Bamford=Samuel Bamford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adriano_Banchieri=Adriano Banchieri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Bampton=John Bampton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abba_Eban=Abba Eban
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roger_Ailes=Roger Ailes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacob_Ettlinger=Jacob Ettlinger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_ben_Ephraim_Karo=Joseph ben Ephraim Karo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tigran_Petrosian=Tigran Petrosian
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bugsy_Siegel=Bugsy Siegel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emma_Watson=Emma Watson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dorothea_Dix=Dorothea Dix
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nam_June_Paik=Nam June Paik
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dave_Williams_(musician)=Dave Williams (musician)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hubert_Howe_Bancroft=Hubert Howe Bancroft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Squire_Bancroft=Squire Bancroft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matteo_Bandello=Matteo Bandello
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bartolommeo_Bandinelli=Bartolommeo Bandinelli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Farinelli=Farinelli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_III_of_Spain=Charles III of Spain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philip_Pope=Philip Pope
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eliezer_ben_Nathan=Eliezer ben Nathan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Leland_(antiquary)=John Leland (antiquary)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buju_Banton=Buju Banton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beck=Beck
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Otto_Frederick_Rohwedder=Otto Frederick Rohwedder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Willie_Nelson=Willie Nelson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Titus_Salt=Titus Salt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eddie_Bracken=Eddie Bracken
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cornel_Wilde=Cornel Wilde
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Larry_Parks=Larry Parks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Garfield=John Garfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lew_Ayres=Lew Ayres
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Redgrave=Michael Redgrave
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Montgomery_Clift=Montgomery Clift
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Lloyd_Garrison=William Lloyd Garrison
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Barbirolli=John Barbirolli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Constant_Lambert=Constant Lambert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/R._K._Narayan=R. K. Narayan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Linnaeus_Banks=George Linnaeus Banks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nathaniel_P._Banks=Nathaniel P. Banks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Winifred_Wagner=Winifred Wagner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Ho_(scientist)=David Ho (scientist)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Banks=Thomas Banks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Bannatyne=George Bannatyne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Bannister=Charles Bannister
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Capability_Brown=Capability Brown
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Hargreaves=James Hargreaves
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Axl_Rose=Axl Rose
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maggie_Cheung=Maggie Cheung
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nennius=Nennius
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harpo_Marx=Harpo Marx
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Suchet=David Suchet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicolas_Anselme_Baptiste=Nicolas Anselme Baptiste
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meyer_Lansky=Meyer Lansky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jessica_Hynes=Jessica Hynes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Calvin_Simon=Calvin Simon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tiki_Fulwood=Tiki Fulwood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luis_Barahona_de_Soto=Luis Barahona de Soto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ermolao_Barbaro=Ermolao Barbaro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Jean_Marie_Barbaroux=Charles Jean Marie Barbaroux
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Birger_Jarl=Birger Jarl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angus_Calder=Angus Calder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Catherine_Zeta-Jones=Catherine Zeta-Jones
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_II_of_Holland=William II of Holland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frederick_Delius=Frederick Delius
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tadeusz_Kantor=Tadeusz Kantor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_Barbeyrac=Jean Barbeyrac
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antoine_Alexandre_Barbier=Antoine Alexandre Barbier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis_Barbier=Louis Barbier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henri_Auguste_Barbier=Henri Auguste Barbier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Brown_(Vicar_of_St_Mary's,_Leicester)=John Brown (Vicar of St Mary's, Leicester)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Chippendale=Thomas Chippendale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angelica_Kauffman=Angelica Kauffman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tscherim_Soobzokov=Tscherim Soobzokov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hugh_Laurie=Hugh Laurie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Howard_Staunton=Howard Staunton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charlie_Drake=Charlie Drake
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Wilson_(Scottish_actor)=Richard Wilson (Scottish actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pieter_van_Vollenhoven=Pieter van Vollenhoven
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Terry_Waite=Terry Waite
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frederick_M._Smith=Frederick M. Smith
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Dell=Michael Dell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cantinflas=Cantinflas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bernard_Bresslaw=Bernard Bresslaw
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bernard_Cribbins=Bernard Cribbins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Max_Bygraves=Max Bygraves
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Des_O'Connor=Des O'Connor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rory_Bremner=Rory Bremner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Fortune=John Fortune
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Bird_(actor)=John Bird (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bob_Monkhouse=Bob Monkhouse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Waterton=Charles Waterton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mark_Thomas=Mark Thomas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Smeaton=John Smeaton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jonathan_Ross=Jonathan Ross
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rory_McGrath=Rory McGrath
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nick_Hancock=Nick Hancock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Junkin=John Junkin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicholas_Barbon=Nicholas Barbon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ziggy_Marley=Ziggy Marley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_Barclay=Alexander Barclay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Barbour_(poet)=John Barbour (poet)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_of_Courtenay=Robert of Courtenay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_II_of_Courtenay=Peter II of Courtenay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zu_Chongzhi=Zu Chongzhi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfred_Charles_Auguste_Foucher=Alfred Charles Auguste Foucher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Billy_the_Kid=Billy the Kid
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alia_Shawkat=Alia Shawkat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leif_Zeilon=Leif Zeilon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ted_Ray_(comedian)=Ted Ray (comedian)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bill_Pertwee=Bill Pertwee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vincent_Price=Vincent Price
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arthur_Middleton=Arthur Middleton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Praise-God_Barebone=Praise-God Barebone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Barclay_(jurist)=William Barclay (jurist)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buffalo_Bill=Buffalo Bill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deryck_Guyler=Deryck Guyler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Miller_(director)=George Miller (director)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baz_Luhrmann=Baz Luhrmann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jane_Addams=Jane Addams
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Virginia_Dare=Virginia Dare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mae_Whitman=Mae Whitman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dennis_Brain=Dennis Brain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giovanni_Ceva=Giovanni Ceva
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sean_Combs=Sean Combs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Fludd=Robert Fludd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christoph_Gottfried_Bardili=Christoph Gottfried Bardili
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ataulf=Ataulf
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hazel_R._O'Leary=Hazel R. O'Leary
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christina_Vidal=Christina Vidal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miguel_Betanzos=Miguel Betanzos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alberto_Santos-Dumont=Alberto Santos-Dumont
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean-Philippe_Rameau=Jean-Philippe Rameau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Burke_(science_historian)=James Burke (science historian)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buenaventura_Durruti=Buenaventura Durruti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anton_Rubinstein=Anton Rubinstein
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Perry=William Perry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexis_Herman=Alexis Herman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elaine_Chao=Elaine Chao
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norman_Mineta=Norman Mineta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Verne_Winchell=Verne Winchell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mike_Pattenden=Mike Pattenden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zsa_Zsa_Gabor=Zsa Zsa Gabor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Salvatore_Maranzano=Salvatore Maranzano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jolie_Gabor=Jolie Gabor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Magda_Gabor=Magda Gabor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Holly_Valance=Holly Valance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eva_Gabor=Eva Gabor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Severino_Antinori=Severino Antinori
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kim_Dae-jung=Kim Dae-jung
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harold_Lasswell=Harold Lasswell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Simson=Robert Simson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joyce_Grenfell=Joyce Grenfell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harry_Worth=Harry Worth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arthur_M._Brazier=Arthur M. Brazier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Julia_Sawalha=Julia Sawalha
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jane_Horrocks=Jane Horrocks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Choricius_of_Gaza=Choricius of Gaza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tim_Smit=Tim Smit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_Loewe=Carl Loewe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wes_Craven=Wes Craven
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frank_Martin_(composer)=Frank Martin (composer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_A._Roebling=John A. Roebling
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benny_Hinn=Benny Hinn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apion=Apion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pamphilus_of_Alexandria=Pamphilus of Alexandria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diogenianus=Diogenianus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nigella_Lawson=Nigella Lawson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Walsingham=Thomas Walsingham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abraham_Beame=Abraham Beame
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edmund_the_Martyr=Edmund the Martyr
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daniel_Radcliffe=Daniel Radcliffe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Skeaping=John Skeaping
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Brindley=James Brindley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ham_Seok-heon=Ham Seok-heon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arturo_Toscanini=Arturo Toscanini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Whitgift=John Whitgift
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Cartwright_(theologian)=Thomas Cartwright (theologian)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edmund_Grindal=Edmund Grindal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robin_Ray=Robin Ray
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matthew_Parker=Matthew Parker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Warham=William Warham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barbara_Castle,_Baroness_Castle_of_Blackburn=Barbara Castle, Baroness Castle of Blackburn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martin_Bucer=Martin Bucer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Mills=John Mills
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Geraint_of_Dumnonia=Geraint of Dumnonia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Powell=Robert Powell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Potter_(bishop)=John Potter (bishop)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_of_Salisbury=John of Salisbury
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nat_Friedman=Nat Friedman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jorge_Porcel=Jorge Porcel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hammond_Innes=Hammond Innes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Franz_Xaver_Gruber=Franz Xaver Gruber
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_S._Hart=Michael S. Hart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frederick_Griffith=Frederick Griffith
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Gere=Richard Gere
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jennie_Kidd_Trout=Jennie Kidd Trout
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Will_Wright_(game_designer)=Will Wright (game designer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crispus_Attucks=Crispus Attucks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kathryn_Grayson=Kathryn Grayson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frank_Gaffney=Frank Gaffney
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Timothy_Dalton=Timothy Dalton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kim_Jong-il=Kim Jong-il
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_R._Murrow=Edward R. Murrow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karen_Black=Karen Black
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hubert_Julian=Hubert Julian
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atilla_the_Hun_(calypsonian)=Atilla the Hun (calypsonian)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilmoth_Houdini=Wilmoth Houdini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harry_Belafonte=Harry Belafonte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lionel_Belasco=Lionel Belasco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Romy_Schneider=Romy Schneider
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leopold_Bloom=Leopold Bloom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Titian=Titian
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pascin=Pascin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Merton=Thomas Merton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frank_Costello=Frank Costello
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fritz_Perls=Fritz Perls
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Milton_H._Erickson=Milton H. Erickson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Virginia_Satir=Virginia Satir
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bonnie_Canino=Bonnie Canino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georges_Danton=Georges Danton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Al_Jaffee=Al Jaffee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Di_Brandt=Di Brandt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Wake=William Wake
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Longley=Charles Longley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pauline_Viardot=Pauline Viardot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clifton_Webb=Clifton Webb
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Broderick_Crawford=Broderick Crawford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marc_Dutroux=Marc Dutroux
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Will_Smith=Will Smith
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diana_Ross=Diana Ross
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hippolyte_Carnot=Hippolyte Carnot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sante_Geronimo_Caserio=Sante Geronimo Caserio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hossam_Mohammed_Amin=Hossam Mohammed Amin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Murdoch=Richard Murdoch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfred_de_Vigny=Alfred de Vigny
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nikolaus_Harnoncourt=Nikolaus Harnoncourt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Billy_Hughes=Billy Hughes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aristotle_Onassis=Aristotle Onassis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christy_Carlson_Romano=Christy Carlson Romano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Simpson_(merchant)=Robert Simpson (merchant)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Simpson_(composer)=Robert Simpson (composer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arthur_Bliss=Arthur Bliss
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mstislav_Rostropovich=Mstislav Rostropovich
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roone_Arledge=Roone Arledge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zbigniew_Preisner=Zbigniew Preisner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Ward-Steinman=David Ward-Steinman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Derek_Jarman=Derek Jarman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sam_Walton=Sam Walton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luciano_Caruso=Luciano Caruso
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emanuel_Bronner=Emanuel Bronner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Redington_Hewlett=William Redington Hewlett
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don_Woods_(meteorologist)=Don Woods (meteorologist)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Akhmed_Zakayev=Akhmed Zakayev
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ann_Trindade=Ann Trindade
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glyn_Johns=Glyn Johns
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Tournemire=Charles Tournemire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marcel_Moyse=Marcel Moyse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Paray=Paul Paray
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis_Vierne=Louis Vierne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacobo_Morales=Jacobo Morales
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liutprand_of_Cremona=Liutprand of Cremona
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Sumner_(bishop)=John Sumner (bishop)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Archibald_Tait=Archibald Tait
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Groff_Conklin=Groff Conklin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sandford_Fleming=Sandford Fleming
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frances_Brooke=Frances Brooke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ralph_Chaplin=Ralph Chaplin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Erwin_Komenda=Erwin Komenda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Billy_Mayerl=Billy Mayerl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Max_Bruch=Max Bruch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ken_Burns=Ken Burns
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thutmose_III=Thutmose III
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vladimir_Ashkenazy=Vladimir Ashkenazy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean-Louis_Trintignant=Jean-Louis Trintignant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Tillotson=John Tillotson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Sancroft=William Sancroft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kaspar_Villiger=Kaspar Villiger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moritz_Leuenberger=Moritz Leuenberger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flavio_Cotti=Flavio Cotti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ruth_Dreifuss=Ruth Dreifuss
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Otto_Stich=Otto Stich
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arnold_Koller=Arnold Koller
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean-Pascal_Delamuraz=Jean-Pascal Delamuraz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leon_Schlumpf=Leon Schlumpf
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierre_Aubert=Pierre Aubert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fritz_Honegger=Fritz Honegger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierre_Graber=Pierre Graber
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ernst_Brugger=Ernst Brugger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roger_Bonvin=Roger Bonvin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nello_Celio=Nello Celio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philipp_Etter=Philipp Etter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ludwig_von_Moos=Ludwig von Moos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adolf_Deucher=Adolf Deucher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sophron=Sophron
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hans_Schaffner=Hans Schaffner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Chaudet=Paul Chaudet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Holenstein=Thomas Holenstein
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Max_Petitpierre=Max Petitpierre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Basilios_Bessarion=Basilios Bessarion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edmund_Schulthess=Edmund Schulthess
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steve_Padgitt=Steve Padgitt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karl_Schenk=Karl Schenk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mary_Steenburgen=Mary Steenburgen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Wilcoxon=Henry Wilcoxon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierre_Laporte=Pierre Laporte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Julie_Delpy=Julie Delpy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Birger_Nordholm=Birger Nordholm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Singleton=John Singleton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacques_Necker=Jacques Necker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laurence_Fishburne=Laurence Fishburne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Turgot_of_Durham=Turgot of Durham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karl_Kobelt=Karl Kobelt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lalaine=Lalaine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eduard_von_Steiger=Eduard von Steiger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rodolphe_Rubattel=Rodolphe Rubattel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hans_Streuli=Hans Streuli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Markus_Feldmann=Markus Feldmann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ernst_Nobs=Ernst Nobs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Enrico_Celio=Enrico Celio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bernhard_Hammer=Bernhard Hammer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Pym=John Pym
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dwayne_Johnson=Dwayne Johnson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Tortelier=Paul Tortelier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ian_Carmichael=Ian Carmichael
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emil_Welti=Emil Welti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jon_Lech_Johansen=Jon Lech Johansen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isaac_Deutscher=Isaac Deutscher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sonia_Johnson=Sonia Johnson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philip_Berrigan=Philip Berrigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ellen_Taaffe_Zwilich=Ellen Taaffe Zwilich
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Virgil_Thomson=Virgil Thomson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean-Marie_Musy=Jean-Marie Musy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friedrich_Traugott_Wahlen=Friedrich Traugott Wahlen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walther_Stampfli=Walther Stampfli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philippe_Starck=Philippe Starck
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ernst_Wetter=Ernst Wetter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marcel_Pilet-Golaz=Marcel Pilet-Golaz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Haab=Robert Haab
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tahj_Mowry=Tahj Mowry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrei_Alexandrescu=Andrei Alexandrescu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean-Pierre_Boyer=Jean-Pierre Boyer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fanny_Ardant=Fanny Ardant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Geraldo_Rivera=Geraldo Rivera
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dafydd_Ieuan=Dafydd Ieuan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stepin_Fetchit=Stepin Fetchit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis_Calhern=Louis Calhern
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arthur_Kennedy_(actor)=Arthur Kennedy (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexandre_Dumas,_fils=Alexandre Dumas, fils
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philip_Sidney=Philip Sidney
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don_Pardo=Don Pardo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Van_Valin,_Jr.=Robert Van Valin, Jr.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Amerike=Richard Amerike
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Murder_of_Samantha_Runnion=Murder of Samantha Runnion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fonzie=Fonzie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Lawson=Henry Lawson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ole_Torvalds=Ole Torvalds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nandi_(mother_of_Shaka)=Nandi (mother of Shaka)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sara_Forbes_Bonetta=Sara Forbes Bonetta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giuseppe_Marc'Antonio_Baretti=Giuseppe Marc'Antonio Baretti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yaa_Asantewaa=Yaa Asantewaa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Barham_(priest)=Richard Barham (priest)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edmund_Henry_Barker=Edmund Henry Barker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joel_Barlow=Joel Barlow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lady_Anne_Barnard=Lady Anne Barnard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Barnard=Henry Barnard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_of_Trebizond=George of Trebizond
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Wilkins=John Wilkins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wolfgang_Iser=Wolfgang Iser
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Judith_Reisman=Judith Reisman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Archidamus_II=Archidamus II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Belinda_Laracuente=Belinda Laracuente
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rolf_Harris=Rolf Harris
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jugurtha=Jugurtha
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Allan_Sherman=Allan Sherman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Masinissa=Masinissa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albert_of_Aix=Albert of Aix
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_the_Hermit=Peter the Hermit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_John_Barnardo=Thomas John Barnardo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Godfrey_of_Bouillon=Godfrey of Bouillon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guibert_of_Nogent=Guibert of Nogent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prunella_Scales=Prunella Scales
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raymond_of_Poitiers=Raymond of Poitiers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raymond_IV,_Count_of_Toulouse=Raymond IV, Count of Toulouse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bohemond_II_of_Antioch=Bohemond II of Antioch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bohemond_I_of_Antioch=Bohemond I of Antioch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samuel_West=Samuel West
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yao_Wenyuan=Yao Wenyuan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wang_Hongwen=Wang Hongwen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Timothy_West=Timothy West
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Briers=Richard Briers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Merrick=Joseph Merrick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Victor_Fleming=Victor Fleming
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vic_Fleming=Vic Fleming
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Herbert_W._Armstrong=Herbert W. Armstrong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roger_I_of_Sicily=Roger I of Sicily
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Guiscard=Robert Guiscard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tancred,_King_of_Sicily=Tancred, King of Sicily
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Secker=Thomas Secker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Tenison=Thomas Tenison
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Florey=Robert Florey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Haydn=Michael Haydn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frederick_Temple=Frederick Temple
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Phillpotts=Henry Phillpotts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Humphry_Repton=Humphry Repton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roger_of_Wendover=Roger of Wendover
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_of_Malmesbury=William of Malmesbury
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Symeon_of_Durham=Symeon of Durham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antoine_Barnave=Antoine Barnave
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albert_Barnes_(theologian)=Albert Barnes (theologian)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Barnby=Joseph Barnby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barnabe_Barnes=Barnabe Barnes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tim_Pat_Coogan=Tim Pat Coogan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dee_Brown_(writer)=Dee Brown (writer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Burl_Ives=Burl Ives
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Evangelist_Haydn=Johann Evangelist Haydn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chris_Barrie=Chris Barrie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cuba_Gooding,_Jr.=Cuba Gooding, Jr.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Haylie_Duff=Haylie Duff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joss_Whedon=Joss Whedon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mark_Drabenstott=Mark Drabenstott
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Howarth=William Howarth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_B._Danbom=David B. Danbom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Bernays=Edward Bernays
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Osha_Gray_Davidson=Osha Gray Davidson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Wolf_(writer)=Robert Wolf (writer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Anthan=George Anthan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Lincke=Paul Lincke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Melankomas=Melankomas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Julius_Mosen=Julius Mosen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don_King_(boxing_promoter)=Don King (boxing promoter)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iannis_Xenakis=Iannis Xenakis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georg_Fabricius=Georg Fabricius
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Albert_Fabricius=Johann Albert Fabricius
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Babington_Macaulay,_1st_Baron_Macaulay=Thomas Babington Macaulay, 1st Baron Macaulay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rachel_Weisz=Rachel Weisz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dennison_Berwick=Dennison Berwick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ronald_J._Oakerson=Ronald J. Oakerson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_B._Hawkins,_Jr.=Robert B. Hawkins, Jr.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rupert_Grint=Rupert Grint
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eugen_Semitjov=Eugen Semitjov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Albert_Wells=George Albert Wells
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Maudslay=Henry Maudslay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Julian_Beck=Julian Beck
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Will_Sampson=Will Sampson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pheidippides=Pheidippides
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Ballard=Robert Ballard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Milton_Babbitt=Milton Babbitt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Randolph_Scott=Randolph Scott
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dora_and_Cora_Webber=Dora and Cora Webber
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Clooney=George Clooney
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bill_Cosby=Bill Cosby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bill_Sprouse_Jr.=Bill Sprouse Jr.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dana_Andrews=Dana Andrews
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daniel-Henry_Kahnweiler=Daniel-Henry Kahnweiler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adam_Ant=Adam Ant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stanley_Holloway=Stanley Holloway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barbara_Windsor=Barbara Windsor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_M._Cosumano=Joseph M. Cosumano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jim_Dale=Jim Dale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joan_Sims=Joan Sims
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kenneth_Clark=Kenneth Clark
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hattie_Jacques=Hattie Jacques
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Penelope_Keith=Penelope Keith
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adrian_Paul=Adrian Paul
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Damascius=Damascius
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bleda=Bleda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alessandra_Mussolini=Alessandra Mussolini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ali_Shariati=Ali Shariati
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edgar_Cayce=Edgar Cayce
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacqueline_Bisset=Jacqueline Bisset
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Boreanaz=David Boreanaz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emily_Dickinson=Emily Dickinson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charisma_Carpenter=Charisma Carpenter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/River_Phoenix=River Phoenix
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexis_Denisof=Alexis Denisof
http://dbpedia.org/resource/J._August_Richards=J. August Richards
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harrison_Birtwistle=Harrison Birtwistle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_F._Kennedy_Jr.=John F. Kennedy Jr.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Timaeus_(historian)=Timaeus (historian)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philistus=Philistus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rosamund_Pike=Rosamund Pike
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hegesias_of_Magnesia=Hegesias of Magnesia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Norton=Edward Norton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_E._England=Robert E. England
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_R._Morgan=David R. Morgan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phoebe_Cates=Phoebe Cates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Milla_Jovovich=Milla Jovovich
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dirk_Bogarde=Dirk Bogarde
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ben_Affleck=Ben Affleck
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Cushing=Peter Cushing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Dreyfuss=Richard Dreyfuss
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Rogers_(Bible_editor_and_martyr)=John Rogers (Bible editor and martyr)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacobus_van_Meteren=Jacobus van Meteren
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jewel_(singer)=Jewel (singer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emanuel_van_Meteren=Emanuel van Meteren
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wang_Pi=Wang Pi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Italo_Svevo=Italo Svevo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pere_Bosch-Gimpera=Pere Bosch-Gimpera
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gustav_Meyrink=Gustav Meyrink
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Billy_Boyd_(actor)=Billy Boyd (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clarence_Darrow=Clarence Darrow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Smith_(Labour_Party_leader)=John Smith (Labour Party leader)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joshua_Barnes=Joshua Barnes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Barnes_(martyr)=Robert Barnes (martyr)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Barnes_(journalist)=Thomas Barnes (journalist)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Barnett=John Barnett
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alex_D._Linz=Alex D. Linz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Barnfield=Richard Barnfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abraham_in_Islam=Abraham in Islam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mutt_and_Jeff_(spies)=Mutt and Jeff (spies)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michelle_Forbes=Michelle Forbes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hiero_II_of_Syracuse=Hiero II of Syracuse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Felicity_Kendal=Felicity Kendal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Otto_Klemperer=Otto Klemperer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patrick_McDonnell=Patrick McDonnell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fredric_Wertham=Fredric Wertham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cate_Blanchett=Cate Blanchett
http://dbpedia.org/resource/P._T._Barnum=P. T. Barnum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Timoleon=Timoleon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gelo=Gelo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_Numenius=Alexander Numenius
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dionysius_I_of_Syracuse=Dionysius I of Syracuse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abraham_Ortelius=Abraham Ortelius
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mengistu_Haile_Mariam=Mengistu Haile Mariam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taharqa=Taharqa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chuck_Peddle=Chuck Peddle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicholas_Robinson_(historian)=Nicholas Robinson (historian)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walter_Sickert=Walter Sickert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adam_Lamberg=Adam Lamberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lisa_Bonet=Lisa Bonet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ivan_Krylov=Ivan Krylov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lucas_Barrett=Lucas Barrett
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilson_Barrett=Wilson Barrett
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_Beliavsky=Alexander Beliavsky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antiphanes_(comic_poet)=Antiphanes (comic poet)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Menander=Menander
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anton_Giulio_Barrili=Anton Giulio Barrili
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andy_Devine=Andy Devine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Will_Rogers=Will Rogers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daines_Barrington=Daines Barrington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lee_Lawrie=Lee Lawrie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kim_Hunter=Kim Hunter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nikephoros_Bryennios_the_Younger=Nikephoros Bryennios the Younger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_of_Samosata=Paul of Samosata
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Barrington=George Barrington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samuel_Barrington=Samuel Barrington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Barrington,_2nd_Viscount_Barrington=William Barrington, 2nd Viscount Barrington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gnaeus_Pompeius_Trogus=Gnaeus Pompeius Trogus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Barrois=Charles Barrois
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Hinkel=Johann Hinkel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stefan_Herdt=Stefan Herdt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Blenkinsop=John Blenkinsop
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Timothy_Hackworth=Timothy Hackworth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manuel_L._Quezon=Manuel L. Quezon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sir_John_Barrow,_1st_Baronet=Sir John Barrow, 1st Baronet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tim_Healy_(politician)=Tim Healy (politician)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stamford_Raffles=Stamford Raffles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kyla_Pratt=Kyla Pratt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samuel_Smiles=Samuel Smiles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elizabeth_Barry=Elizabeth Barry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emma_Thompson=Emma Thompson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Barrowe=Henry Barrowe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Barry_(painter)=James Barry (painter)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/R._T._Crowley=R. T. Crowley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johnny_Appleseed=Johnny Appleseed
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barbara_Levick=Barbara Levick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gopal_Krishna_Gokhale=Gopal Krishna Gokhale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spranger_Barry=Spranger Barry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Redmond_Barry=Redmond Barry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ann_Street_Barry=Ann Street Barry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_Bart=Jean Bart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Benenson=Peter Benenson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lucy_Stone=Lucy Stone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gordon_Graydon=Gordon Graydon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caroll_Spinney=Caroll Spinney
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michele_Timms=Michele Timms
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cynthia_Nixon=Cynthia Nixon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sakanoue_no_Tamuramaro=Sakanoue no Tamuramaro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Duvall=Robert Duvall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Basevi_Ord=James Basevi Ord
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bob_Hope=Bob Hope
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bob_Crowley=Bob Crowley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_Baker=Tom Baker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierce_Pettis=Pierce Pettis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antimachus=Antimachus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theodor_Bergk=Theodor Bergk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierre_Carey_le_Pelley=Pierre Carey le Pelley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dan_O'Herlihy=Dan O'Herlihy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ernest_le_Pelley=Ernest le Pelley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierre_le_Pelley_III=Pierre le Pelley III
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierre_le_Pelley_II=Pierre le Pelley II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierre_le_Pelley_I=Pierre le Pelley I
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daniel_le_Pelley=Daniel le Pelley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ernest_Arthur_Gardner=Ernest Arthur Gardner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicolas_le_Pelley=Nicolas le Pelley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Susanne_le_Pelley=Susanne le Pelley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Johnson,_8th_Seigneur_of_Sark=John Johnson, 8th Seigneur of Sark
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sir_Charles_Carteret,_3rd_Baronet=Sir Charles Carteret, 3rd Baronet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phocylides=Phocylides
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ernest_Borgnine=Ernest Borgnine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theognis_of_Megara=Theognis of Megara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mimnermus=Mimnermus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rock_Hudson=Rock Hudson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philippe_de_Carteret_II=Philippe de Carteret II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sir_Philip_Carteret,_1st_Baronet=Sir Philip Carteret, 1st Baronet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sir_Philip_Carteret,_2nd_Baronet=Sir Philip Carteret, 2nd Baronet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philippe_de_Carteret_I=Philippe de Carteret I
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anthony_Franciosa=Anthony Franciosa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maurice_Ashley=Maurice Ashley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yasser_Seirawan=Yasser Seirawan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trevor_Howard=Trevor Howard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stuart_Whitman=Stuart Whitman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Erich_Kleiber=Erich Kleiber
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laurence_Harvey=Laurence Harvey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maximilian_Schell=Maximilian Schell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carlos_Kleiber=Carlos Kleiber
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Olry_Terquem=Olry Terquem
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aryeh_Kaplan=Aryeh Kaplan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_II_Zabinas=Alexander II Zabinas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Balleny=John Balleny
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elsa_Lanchester=Elsa Lanchester
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Donald_Keyhoe=Donald Keyhoe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Epiphanius_of_Constantinople=Epiphanius of Constantinople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marcello_Mastroianni=Marcello Mastroianni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Douglas_Dunn=Douglas Dunn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_Czerny=Carl Czerny
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oskar_Werner=Oskar Werner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Herb_Ritts=Herb Ritts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cliff_Robertson=Cliff Robertson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alan_Arkin=Alan Arkin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ron_Moody=Ron Moody
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alan_Bates=Alan Bates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacopo_Peri=Jacopo Peri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Melvyn_Douglas=Melvyn Douglas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ryan_O'Neal=Ryan O'Neal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_Vigo=Jean Vigo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hans_von_Bartels=Hans von Bartels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tyrtaeus=Tyrtaeus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Arne=Thomas Arne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ludwig_Preller=Ludwig Preller
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heinrich_Ritter=Heinrich Ritter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dexippus=Dexippus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friedrich_Gottlieb_Welcker=Friedrich Gottlieb Welcker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Roy_Hill=George Roy Hill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jodie_Sweetin=Jodie Sweetin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Fitzhamon=Robert Fitzhamon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert,_1st_Earl_of_Gloucester=Robert, 1st Earl of Gloucester
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Cowper=William Cowper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francis_Thompson=Francis Thompson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jedediah_Smith=Jedediah Smith
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gaston_Leroux=Gaston Leroux
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friedrich_August_Wolf=Friedrich August Wolf
http://dbpedia.org/resource/August_Immanuel_Bekker=August Immanuel Bekker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christian_Gottlob_Heyne=Christian Gottlob Heyne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chariton=Chariton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Matthias_Gesner=Johann Matthias Gesner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chris_Freiling=Chris Freiling
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oswald_Myconius=Oswald Myconius
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samantha_Smith=Samantha Smith
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heinrich_Bullinger=Heinrich Bullinger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lelio_Sozzini=Lelio Sozzini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Christoph_Pepusch=Johann Christoph Pepusch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Arne=Michael Arne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul-Henri_Spaak=Paul-Henri Spaak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sol_Plaatje=Sol Plaatje
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Brinsley_Sheridan=Richard Brinsley Sheridan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_van_Zeeland=Paul van Zeeland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Naunton_Wayne=Naunton Wayne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Deutsch=Charles Deutsch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Choulet=Robert Choulet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bill_Owen_(actor)=Bill Owen (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Wilkes=John Wilkes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ewan_MacColl=Ewan MacColl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Simon_Hawke=Simon Hawke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/T._O._Engset=T. O. Engset
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joshua_Slocum=Joshua Slocum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Neal_Adams=Neal Adams
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_De_Quincey=Thomas De Quincey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sari_Nusseibeh=Sari Nusseibeh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chuck_Norris=Chuck Norris
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_X,_Duke_of_Bavaria=Henry X, Duke of Bavaria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/D._K._Broster=D. K. Broster
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Capa=Robert Capa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kamal_Ahmed_(comedian)=Kamal Ahmed (comedian)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johnny_Brennan=Johnny Brennan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marc_Riboud=Marc Riboud
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Shackleton,_Baron_Shackleton=Edward Shackleton, Baron Shackleton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pascal_Couchepin=Pascal Couchepin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Frederick_Wallet_DesBarres=Joseph Frederick Wallet DesBarres
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lauryn_Hill=Lauryn Hill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roy_Harris=Roy Harris
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jay_Z=Jay Z
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierre_Harmel=Pierre Harmel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Stamos=John Stamos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joan_Littlewood=Joan Littlewood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Celia_Johnson=Celia Johnson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dina_Merrill=Dina Merrill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ken_Russell=Ken Russell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aamir_Khan=Aamir Khan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ralph_Richardson=Ralph Richardson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barbara_Bush=Barbara Bush
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walter_Sans_Avoir=Walter Sans Avoir
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fernando_and_Nefty_Sallaberry=Fernando and Nefty Sallaberry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Menachem_Mendel_Schneerson=Menachem Mendel Schneerson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carol_Reed=Carol Reed
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dennis_Conner=Dennis Conner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Almon_Brown_Strowger=Almon Brown Strowger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harry_Dean_Stanton=Harry Dean Stanton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Smith_(explorer)=John Smith (explorer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Winthrop=John Winthrop
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Hench=John Hench
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Eisner=Michael Eisner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karl_Haushofer=Karl Haushofer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tobey_Maguire=Tobey Maguire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dandy_Nichols=Dandy Nichols
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bonnie_Hunt=Bonnie Hunt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heinrich_Mann=Heinrich Mann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rafael_Trujillo=Rafael Trujillo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Shaffer=Peter Shaffer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Julie_Christie=Julie Christie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_Courtenay=Tom Courtenay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eamonn_Andrews=Eamonn Andrews
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Crawford=Michael Crawford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Smith_(dentist)=John Smith (dentist)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Smith_(missionary)=John Smith (missionary)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Le_Mesurier=John Le Mesurier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Craig_Mundie=Craig Mundie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cleopatra_Thea=Cleopatra Thea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christine_Keeler=Christine Keeler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Valerie_Hobson=Valerie Hobson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mandy_Rice-Davies=Mandy Rice-Davies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Winfield=Paul Winfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lionel_Bart=Lionel Bart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Art_Carney=Art Carney
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yoshiyuki_Tomino=Yoshiyuki Tomino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giancarlo_Giannini=Giancarlo Giannini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Whitmore=James Whitmore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mary_Wesley=Mary Wesley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_T._Scopes=John T. Scopes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cecil_Adams=Cecil Adams
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierre_Monteux=Pierre Monteux
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kerri_Strug=Kerri Strug
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abraham_Isaac_Kook=Abraham Isaac Kook
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roddy_McDowall=Roddy McDowall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Servius_Sulpicius_Rufus=Servius Sulpicius Rufus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilhelm_Siegmund_Teuffel=Wilhelm Siegmund Teuffel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Julius_Firmicus_Maternus=Julius Firmicus Maternus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Gambon=Michael Gambon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Conrad_Bursian=Conrad Bursian
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacopo_Sannazaro=Jacopo Sannazaro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georg_Solti=Georg Solti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Addison=Joseph Addison
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Addington_Symonds=John Addington Symonds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iovianus_Pontanus=Iovianus Pontanus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aldus_Manutius=Aldus Manutius
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Linacre=Thomas Linacre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Grocyn=William Grocyn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Steele=Richard Steele
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_du_Bellay=Jean du Bellay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_Daurat=Jean Daurat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tommaso_Campanella=Tommaso Campanella
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Lily_(grammarian)=William Lily (grammarian)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Lilly=William Lilly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guarino_da_Verona=Guarino da Verona
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manuel_Chrysoloras=Manuel Chrysoloras
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maurizio_Costanzo=Maurizio Costanzo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Seddon=Richard Seddon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luigi_Luca_Cavalli-Sforza=Luigi Luca Cavalli-Sforza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elijah_Wood=Elijah Wood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Viggo_Mortensen=Viggo Mortensen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bernard_Hill=Bernard Hill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harald_Schmidt=Harald Schmidt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Blow=John Blow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ethan_Hawke=Ethan Hawke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yitzchok_Hutner=Yitzchok Hutner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brutus_of_Troy=Brutus of Troy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Armand_Zildjian=Armand Zildjian
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Valerius_Maximus=Valerius Maximus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Garrick=David Garrick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Hordern=Michael Hordern
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bob_Hoskins=Bob Hoskins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nonnus=Nonnus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Franz_Passow=Franz Passow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Callisthenes=Callisthenes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Earle_(bishop)=John Earle (bishop)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Herbert_Blomstedt=Herbert Blomstedt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roy_Scheider=Roy Scheider
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bernard_Herrmann=Bernard Herrmann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harry_McClintock=Harry McClintock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrew_Dickson_White=Andrew Dickson White
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leopold_Stokowski=Leopold Stokowski
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Hurt=John Hurt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_Sumarokov=Alexander Sumarokov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kate_Douglas_Wiggin=Kate Douglas Wiggin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giselle_Blondet=Giselle Blondet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rudolf_Erich_Raspe=Rudolf Erich Raspe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elias_Disney=Elias Disney
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chief_Joseph=Chief Joseph
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Terence_Rattigan=Terence Rattigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_B._Soloveitchik=Joseph B. Soloveitchik
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean-Pierre_Raffarin=Jean-Pierre Raffarin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marjorie_Merriweather_Post=Marjorie Merriweather Post
http://dbpedia.org/resource/C._W._Post=C. W. Post
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Fuller=Thomas Fuller
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Izaak_Walton=Izaak Walton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Overbury=Thomas Overbury
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roger_de_Rabutin,_Comte_de_Bussy=Roger de Rabutin, Comte de Bussy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isaac_de_Benserade=Isaac de Benserade
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vincent_Voiture=Vincent Voiture
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Pellisson=Paul Pellisson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Gilbert_(astronomer)=William Gilbert (astronomer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anna_Katharine_Green=Anna Katharine Green
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dan_Curtis=Dan Curtis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gale_Storm=Gale Storm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colin_Baker=Colin Baker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ealhmund_of_Kent=Ealhmund of Kent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roy_E._Disney=Roy E. Disney
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack_Hodgins=Jack Hodgins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philippe_Quinault=Philippe Quinault
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Burke_(boxer)=James Burke (boxer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eric_Allman=Eric Allman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Julius_Raab=Julius Raab
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mellin_de_Saint-Gelais=Mellin de Saint-Gelais
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wolfram_von_Eschenbach=Wolfram von Eschenbach
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benjamin_D'Israeli_(merchant)=Benjamin D'Israeli (merchant)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henriette_Roosenburg=Henriette Roosenburg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ron_Dembo=Ron Dembo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Avril_Lavigne=Avril Lavigne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Julius_Caesar_Scaliger=Julius Caesar Scaliger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Muretus=Muretus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angela_Lansbury=Angela Lansbury
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Justus_Scaliger=Joseph Justus Scaliger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jan_Karol_Chodkiewicz=Jan Karol Chodkiewicz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierre_Daniel_Huet=Pierre Daniel Huet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_Desmarets=Jean Desmarets
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Valentin_Conrart=Valentin Conrart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean-Christophe_Mitterrand=Jean-Christophe Mitterrand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cornelius_Vanderbilt=Cornelius Vanderbilt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Annibal_Fabrot=Charles Annibal Fabrot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacques_Cujas=Jacques Cujas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arnaud_du_Ferrier=Arnaud du Ferrier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brett_Ratner=Brett Ratner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mark_Pattison_(academic)=Mark Pattison (academic)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frank_Yates=Frank Yates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mark_Jonathan_Harris=Mark Jonathan Harris
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doc_Pomus=Doc Pomus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sly_Stone=Sly Stone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dick_Gephardt=Dick Gephardt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sharon_Osbourne=Sharon Osbourne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fuxi=Fuxi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis_Jordan=Louis Jordan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Rosegger=Peter Rosegger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Hasselhoff=David Hasselhoff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ferdinand_I_of_Austria=Ferdinand I of Austria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Shaw_(British_actor)=Robert Shaw (British actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Conrad_Hall=Conrad Hall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Corneille=Thomas Corneille
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pontus_de_Tyard=Pontus de Tyard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Ward_Beecher=Henry Ward Beecher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Virginie_Ledoyen=Virginie Ledoyen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Herman_Kahn=Herman Kahn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ralph_Abraham=Ralph Abraham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Arshinov=Peter Arshinov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tuanku_Imam_Bonjol=Tuanku Imam Bonjol
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baron_Hans_Heinrich_Thyssen-Bornemisza=Baron Hans Heinrich Thyssen-Bornemisza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Qian_Xuantong=Qian Xuantong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jin_Shengtan=Jin Shengtan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blind_Harry=Blind Harry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seamus_Metress=Seamus Metress
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brigitte_Boisselier=Brigitte Boisselier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guillaume_Morel=Guillaume Morel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clive_Davis=Clive Davis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dietrich_of_Nieheim=Dietrich of Nieheim
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Allan_Kardec=Allan Kardec
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Crumb=George Crumb
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Burge=David Burge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alan_Freed=Alan Freed
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leonard_Chess=Leonard Chess
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jonathan_Weiner=Jonathan Weiner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Feng-hsiung_Hsu=Feng-hsiung Hsu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ryan_Adams=Ryan Adams
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brittany_Murphy=Brittany Murphy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sylvia_Anderson=Sylvia Anderson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gerry_Anderson=Gerry Anderson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eugene_McCarthy=Eugene McCarthy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lionel_George_Curtis=Lionel George Curtis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Erwin_Strauss=Erwin Strauss
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bruno_Fuligni=Bruno Fuligni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Dudley,_1st_Duke_of_Northumberland=John Dudley, 1st Duke of Northumberland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matt_Damon=Matt Damon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Athenaeus=Athenaeus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georgi_Markov=Georgi Markov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Mitchel=John Mitchel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Connie_Francis=Connie Francis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/F._S._L._Lyons=F. S. L. Lyons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jim_Meddick=Jim Meddick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frankie_Muniz=Frankie Muniz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfred_de_Musset=Alfred de Musset
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jerry_Jones=Jerry Jones
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lord_Guildford_Dudley=Lord Guildford Dudley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Hardy=Robert Hardy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Davie_Allan=Davie Allan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Powell=Michael Powell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_Brokaw=Tom Brokaw
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walter_Cronkite=Walter Cronkite
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fabian_Forte=Fabian Forte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jorge_Ramos_(news_anchor)=Jorge Ramos (news anchor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marie_Vassilieff=Marie Vassilieff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lefty_Grove=Lefty Grove
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stan_Stokes=Stan Stokes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nina_Hamnett=Nina Hamnett
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Stoddart=Paul Stoddart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anthony_Perkins=Anthony Perkins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Svend_Aage_Madsen=Svend Aage Madsen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arthur_Wing_Pinero=Arthur Wing Pinero
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gladys_Cooper=Gladys Cooper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jim_Griffiths=Jim Griffiths
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sal_Mineo=Sal Mineo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henri_Laurens=Henri Laurens
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carla_Howell=Carla Howell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lady_Caroline_Lamb=Lady Caroline Lamb
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christopher_Walken=Christopher Walken
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gwen_Stefani=Gwen Stefani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antoine_Bourdelle=Antoine Bourdelle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rebecca_Gratz=Rebecca Gratz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_Mitchell_(engineer)=Alexander Mitchell (engineer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilhelm_Steinitz=Wilhelm Steinitz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karl_Wolfskehl=Karl Wolfskehl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Gielgud=John Gielgud
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_Korda=Alexander Korda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Ustinov=Peter Ustinov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aleksis_Kivi=Aleksis Kivi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Derek_Jacobi=Derek Jacobi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philip_I_Philadelphus=Philip I Philadelphus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flavius_Valerius_Severus=Flavius Valerius Severus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kris_Kristofferson=Kris Kristofferson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arnold_Henry_Bergier=Arnold Henry Bergier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maurice_Gibb=Maurice Gibb
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frank_Schmalleger=Frank Schmalleger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Helena_Blavatsky=Helena Blavatsky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Threlkeld_Cox=Richard Threlkeld Cox
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_E._Silberman=Charles E. Silberman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jim_Hunt=Jim Hunt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yitzhak_Shamir=Yitzhak Shamir
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theodore_Hall=Theodore Hall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benjamin_Nathaniel_Smith=Benjamin Nathaniel Smith
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eric_Chiwaya=Eric Chiwaya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ricky_Byrdsong=Ricky Byrdsong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edwin_Fischer=Edwin Fischer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isocrates=Isocrates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philip_II_Philoromaeus=Philip II Philoromaeus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canibus=Canibus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Denholm_Elliott=Denholm Elliott
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Carson,_Baron_Carson=Edward Carson, Baron Carson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maurice_Pialat=Maurice Pialat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ermanno_Wolf-Ferrari=Ermanno Wolf-Ferrari
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alessandro_Cagliostro=Alessandro Cagliostro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seleucus_V_Philometor=Seleucus V Philometor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/H.D.=H.D.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ben_Kingsley=Ben Kingsley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ludwig_Quidde=Ludwig Quidde
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_Conti=Tom Conti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/F._Murray_Abraham=F. Murray Abraham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_Hulce=Tom Hulce
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Hurt=William Hurt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sam_Waterston=Sam Waterston
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Garner=James Garner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nosson_Tzvi_Finkel_(Slabodka)=Nosson Tzvi Finkel (Slabodka)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Woods=James Woods
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rodney_King=Rodney King
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paulina_Rubio=Paulina Rubio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eliot_Ness=Eliot Ness
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Ellery_Channing=William Ellery Channing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caesar,_duc_de_Choiseul=Caesar, duc de Choiseul
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kayahan=Kayahan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jonathan_Lynn=Jonathan Lynn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beatrice_Wood=Beatrice Wood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/C._Douglas_Dillon=C. Douglas Dillon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pat_Buchanan=Pat Buchanan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laura_Bozzo=Laura Bozzo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Richardson_(Cisco)=James Richardson (Cisco)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilhelm_Frick=Wilhelm Frick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Deere_(inventor)=John Deere (inventor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Publius_Flavius_Vegetius_Renatus=Publius Flavius Vegetius Renatus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francis_Asbury=Francis Asbury
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Julie_Walters=Julie Walters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Nollekens=Joseph Nollekens
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charo=Charo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vincent_Schiavelli=Vincent Schiavelli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Lloyd_(producer)=John Lloyd (producer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frontinus=Frontinus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giovannino_Guareschi=Giovannino Guareschi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ferdinand_Waldo_Demara=Ferdinand Waldo Demara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Barry_(surgeon)=James Barry (surgeon)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vance_Packard=Vance Packard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peggy_Guggenheim=Peggy Guggenheim
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Billy_Ray_Cyrus=Billy Ray Cyrus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chico_Marx=Chico Marx
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Helen_Clarke=Helen Clarke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abraham-Louis_Breguet=Abraham-Louis Breguet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sarah_Aaronsohn=Sarah Aaronsohn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_Spesivtsev=Alexander Spesivtsev
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Williams_(actor)=Michael Williams (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fritz_Haarmann=Fritz Haarmann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eddie_McGuire=Eddie McGuire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Valerie_Anand=Valerie Anand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leo_Cruz=Leo Cruz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mollie_Hardwick=Mollie Hardwick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lisa_Kudrow=Lisa Kudrow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Schwimmer=David Schwimmer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don_O'Kelly=Don O'Kelly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coramae_Richey_Mann=Coramae Richey Mann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benjamin_Guggenheim=Benjamin Guggenheim
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lucius_Quintus_Cincinnatus_Lamar_II=Lucius Quintus Cincinnatus Lamar II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_van_Gulik=Robert van Gulik
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Katheryn_Russell-Brown=Katheryn Russell-Brown
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lani_Guinier=Lani Guinier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/R._F._Delderfield=R. F. Delderfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colin_Firth=Colin Firth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dennis_Price=Dennis Price
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heather_Graham=Heather Graham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacob_Le_Maire=Jacob Le Maire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacques_Villon=Jacques Villon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Suzanne_Crough=Suzanne Crough
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brian_Forster=Brian Forster
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Susan_Dey=Susan Dey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shirley_Jones=Shirley Jones
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeremy_Gelbwaks=Jeremy Gelbwaks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Danny_Bonaduce=Danny Bonaduce
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_de_Braose,_1st_Lord_of_Bramber=William de Braose, 1st Lord of Bramber
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_de_Braose,_4th_Lord_of_Bramber=William de Braose, 4th Lord of Bramber
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Connell=Charles Connell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_de_Braose_(died_1230)=William de Braose (died 1230)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jarkko_Oikarinen=Jarkko Oikarinen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chuck_Barris=Chuck Barris
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rainbow_Harvest=Rainbow Harvest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lance_Cottrell=Lance Cottrell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jerome_Herbert_Skolnick=Jerome Herbert Skolnick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_D._Rice=Thomas D. Rice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sarah_Winnemucca=Sarah Winnemucca
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elizabeth_Peabody=Elizabeth Peabody
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Cale=John Cale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sarah_Miles=Sarah Miles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hugh_Grant=Hugh Grant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Simon_Callow=Simon Callow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paula_Yates=Paula Yates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeremy_Brett=Jeremy Brett
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lars_Johan_Hierta=Lars Johan Hierta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walter_Bagehot=Walter Bagehot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matthew_Wood_(sound_editor)=Matthew Wood (sound editor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tomlinson_Holman=Tomlinson Holman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hugo_Weaving=Hugo Weaving
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_James_Olmos=Edward James Olmos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Jenkins_(master_mariner)=Robert Jenkins (master mariner)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Finch=Peter Finch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hedy_Lamarr=Hedy Lamarr
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daniel_Day-Lewis=Daniel Day-Lewis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christopher_Durang=Christopher Durang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sam_Shepard=Sam Shepard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/August_Wilson=August Wilson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Irving_Thalberg=Irving Thalberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stephen_E._Robinson=Stephen E. Robinson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Downey,_Jr.=Robert Downey, Jr.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Crenna=Richard Crenna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stephen_Rea=Stephen Rea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leelee_Sobieski=Leelee Sobieski
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Esau=Esau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Amos_Comenius=John Amos Comenius
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ian_Holm=Ian Holm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Wilmot,_2nd_Earl_of_Rochester=John Wilmot, 2nd Earl of Rochester
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_Crotti=Jean Crotti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joey_Beltram=Joey Beltram
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crantor=Crantor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jan_van_Riebeeck=Jan van Riebeeck
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frank_Auerbach=Frank Auerbach
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cathy_de_Monchaux=Cathy de Monchaux
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Helen_Prejean=Helen Prejean
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Geoffrey_Rush=Geoffrey Rush
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ralph_Fiennes=Ralph Fiennes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Woody_Harrelson=Woody Harrelson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Fonda=Peter Fonda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Menachem_Mendel_Schneersohn=Menachem Mendel Schneersohn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shneur_Zalman_of_Liadi=Shneur Zalman of Liadi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shmuel_Schneersohn=Shmuel Schneersohn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yosef_Yitzchak_Schneersohn=Yosef Yitzchak Schneersohn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Farnsworth=Richard Farnsworth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Javier_Bardem=Javier Bardem
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ed_Harris=Ed Harris
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Judith_Wright=Judith Wright
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_Wilkinson=Tom Wilkinson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Minamoto_no_Yoshinaka=Minamoto no Yoshinaka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Seaton=George Seaton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raoul_Wallenberg=Raoul Wallenberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Grade=Michael Grade
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adam_Buxton=Adam Buxton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Menedemus=Menedemus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_Rey_(physician)=Jean Rey (physician)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heraclides_Ponticus=Heraclides Ponticus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/J._Russel_Robinson=J. Russel Robinson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lizzie_Miles=Lizzie Miles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eduard_Zeller=Eduard Zeller
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_Rey_(politician)=Jean Rey (politician)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Swede=George Swede
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Claudio_Arrau=Claudio Arrau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harry_Von_Tilzer=Harry Von Tilzer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albert_Von_Tilzer=Albert Von Tilzer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_McPhee=John McPhee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louise_Dresser=Louise Dresser
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Titokowaru=Titokowaru
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maurice_Shadbolt=Maurice Shadbolt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ruth_Chatterton=Ruth Chatterton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gloria_Swanson=Gloria Swanson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Te_Kooti=Te Kooti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Scullin=James Scullin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Betty_Compson=Betty Compson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeanne_Eagels=Jeanne Eagels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Larry_Millett=Larry Millett
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Donald_Serrell_Thomas=Donald Serrell Thomas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wayne_Worcester=Wayne Worcester
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kimball_Bent=Kimball Bent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adrian_Conan_Doyle=Adrian Conan Doyle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nigel_Buxton=Nigel Buxton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis_Theroux=Louis Theroux
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Corinne_Griffith=Corinne Griffith
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Julius_Vogel=Julius Vogel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luis_Vigoreaux=Luis Vigoreaux
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lance_Loud=Lance Loud
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joe_Doyle=Joe Doyle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Hardwicke=Edward Hardwicke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sienna_Guillory=Sienna Guillory
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ernst_Didring=Ernst Didring
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Larry_Ellison=Larry Ellison
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kaspar_Hauser=Kaspar Hauser
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_Buridan=Jean Buridan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack_Valenti=Jack Valenti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eleoncio_Mercedes=Eleoncio Mercedes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Janet_Malcolm=Janet Malcolm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jules_Bonnot=Jules Bonnot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walther_Funk=Walther Funk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Luce=Henry Luce
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joe_Ossanna=Joe Ossanna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frank_A._Stevenson=Frank A. Stevenson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ludwig_Tieck=Ludwig Tieck
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bayard_Rustin=Bayard Rustin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Spencer=Henry Spencer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chris_Donald=Chris Donald
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Geoff_Gallop=Geoff Gallop
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joannes=Joannes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_DeLorean=John DeLorean
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Wilde=William Wilde
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keith_Thibodeaux=Keith Thibodeaux
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bernard_Lortie=Bernard Lortie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mae_West=Mae West
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Erykah_Badu=Erykah Badu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hilary_Rosen=Hilary Rosen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Donald_Becker=Donald Becker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Loyd_Jowers=Loyd Jowers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arno_Schmidt=Arno Schmidt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dov_Ber_of_Mezeritch=Dov Ber of Mezeritch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Darren_Aronofsky=Darren Aronofsky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miguel_de_Unamuno=Miguel de Unamuno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anselm_of_Laon=Anselm of Laon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Bruce,_7th_Earl_of_Elgin=Thomas Bruce, 7th Earl of Elgin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Donald_Davie=Donald Davie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cedric_Hardwicke=Cedric Hardwicke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nell_Carter=Nell Carter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Vane_the_Younger=Henry Vane the Younger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norman_Lear=Norman Lear
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christopher_McQuarrie=Christopher McQuarrie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Suzanne_Duchamp=Suzanne Duchamp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anne_Morrow_Lindbergh=Anne Morrow Lindbergh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bill_Mauldin=Bill Mauldin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lyon_Playfair,_1st_Baron_Playfair=Lyon Playfair, 1st Baron Playfair
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sarah_Knauss=Sarah Knauss
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ron_Fricke=Ron Fricke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kerry_Packer=Kerry Packer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jesus_in_Islam=Jesus in Islam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gianni_Agnelli=Gianni Agnelli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sid_and_Marty_Krofft=Sid and Marty Krofft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ernie_Pyle=Ernie Pyle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_G._Robinson=Edward G. Robinson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mary_Osborne,_Duchess_of_Leeds=Mary Osborne, Duchess of Leeds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anna_Laetitia_Barbauld=Anna Laetitia Barbauld
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lucy_Aikin=Lucy Aikin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Einar_Benediktsson=Einar Benediktsson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Girard=George Girard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Whittingham=William Whittingham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laurence_Tomson=Laurence Tomson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Holcroft=Thomas Holcroft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeremy_Taylor=Jeremy Taylor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Penelope_Wilton=Penelope Wilton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daniel_Massey_(actor)=Daniel Massey (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carmen_Amaya=Carmen Amaya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Herbert_Freeman=Herbert Freeman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samuel_O'Reilly=Samuel O'Reilly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kuroda_Kiyotaka=Kuroda Kiyotaka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matsukata_Masayoshi=Matsukata Masayoshi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Larry_Shields=Larry Shields
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hara_Takashi=Hara Takashi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Takahashi_Korekiyo=Takahashi Korekiyo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Osachi_Hamaguchi=Osachi Hamaguchi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kakuei_Tanaka=Kakuei Tanaka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chaitanya_Mahaprabhu=Chaitanya Mahaprabhu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georg_Dehio=Georg Dehio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Low_(cartoonist)=David Low (cartoonist)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tony_Jackson_(pianist)=Tony Jackson (pianist)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steve_Lewis_(musician)=Steve Lewis (musician)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Warner_(actor)=David Warner (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack_Layton=Jack Layton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/J._Paul_Getty=J. Paul Getty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/H._L._Hunt=H. L. Hunt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Janet=Paul Janet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Adams_(mutineer)=John Adams (mutineer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Victor_Cousin=Victor Cousin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierre_Paul_Royer-Collard=Pierre Paul Royer-Collard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dugald_Stewart=Dugald Stewart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fanny_Mendelssohn=Fanny Mendelssohn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roger_Moore=Roger Moore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Camille_Jordan_(politician)=Camille Jordan (politician)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heather_Locklear=Heather Locklear
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Valeriy_Brumel=Valeriy Brumel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ishi=Ishi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karl_Mannheim=Karl Mannheim
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nancy_Carroll=Nancy Carroll
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Al-Farabi=Al-Farabi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bessie_Love=Bessie Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sondre_Norheim=Sondre Norheim
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anton_Denikin=Anton Denikin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maximilian_Steiner=Maximilian Steiner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kai_Nielsen_(philosopher)=Kai Nielsen (philosopher)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Douglas_Wilder=Douglas Wilder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Payn=James Payn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Malkovich=John Malkovich
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iva_Toguri_D'Aquino=Iva Toguri D'Aquino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Butterworth=George Butterworth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Medgar_Evers=Medgar Evers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_S._Baring-Gould=William S. Baring-Gould
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Malcolm_Campbell=Malcolm Campbell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xanthippe=Xanthippe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gerald_Durrell=Gerald Durrell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Brooks_(journalist)=David Brooks (journalist)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Merle_Oberon=Merle Oberon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Rennie=Michael Rennie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Edward=John Edward
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Arbuthnot=John Arbuthnot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Cockburn,_Lord_Cockburn=Henry Cockburn, Lord Cockburn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marjolein_Bastin=Marjolein Bastin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walter_Knott=Walter Knott
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heinrich_Kramer=Heinrich Kramer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacob_Sprenger=Jacob Sprenger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Gower=John Gower
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Younger,_1st_Viscount_Younger_of_Leckie=George Younger, 1st Viscount Younger of Leckie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Ludlam=Charles Ludlam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Younger,_4th_Viscount_Younger_of_Leckie=George Younger, 4th Viscount Younger of Leckie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ron_Ely=Ron Ely
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philipp_Veit=Philipp Veit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Judah_Loew_ben_Bezalel=Judah Loew ben Bezalel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bram_Moolenaar=Bram Moolenaar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Friedman=Thomas Friedman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gary_Nolan_(radio_host)=Gary Nolan (radio host)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Neal_Boortz=Neal Boortz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_'Mad_Jack'_Fuller=John 'Mad Jack' Fuller
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vladimir_Dmitrievich_Nabokov=Vladimir Dmitrievich Nabokov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Underwood_Dudley=Underwood Dudley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_Philibert_Damiron=Jean Philibert Damiron
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Athina_Onassis_Roussel=Athina Onassis Roussel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Logan_(American_Indian_leader)=Logan (American Indian leader)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stephen_Foster=Stephen Foster
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maharishi_Mahesh_Yogi=Maharishi Mahesh Yogi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roger_Babson=Roger Babson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marcel_Marceau=Marcel Marceau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Warton=Joseph Warton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chris_Smith_(composer)=Chris Smith (composer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_McCarron=Charles McCarron
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dinesh_D'Souza=Dinesh D'Souza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Julie_Newmar=Julie Newmar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buster_Crabbe=Buster Crabbe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eric_Bana=Eric Bana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kate_del_Castillo=Kate del Castillo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lord_Invader=Lord Invader
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Nolan_(libertarian)=David Nolan (libertarian)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Percier=Charles Percier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zip_the_Pinhead=Zip the Pinhead
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clive_Chin=Clive Chin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Donald_Wolfit=Donald Wolfit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alec_Waugh=Alec Waugh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sidney_Webb,_1st_Baron_Passfield=Sidney Webb, 1st Baron Passfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gilberto_Gil=Gilberto Gil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heitor_Villa-Lobos=Heitor Villa-Lobos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Viktor_Frankl=Viktor Frankl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrew_Sullivan=Andrew Sullivan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jakob_Ammann=Jakob Ammann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cecil_Taylor=Cecil Taylor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lou_Duva=Lou Duva
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacqueline_Pascal=Jacqueline Pascal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karl_Schwarz=Karl Schwarz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Horace_Mann=Horace Mann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Wesley=Charles Wesley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Glanvill=Joseph Glanvill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Otto_Pfleiderer=Otto Pfleiderer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caroline_Schelling=Caroline Schelling
http://dbpedia.org/resource/August_Wilhelm_Schlegel=August Wilhelm Schlegel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/J._R._D._Tata=J. R. D. Tata
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_David_Michaelis=Johann David Michaelis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albert_Schultens=Albert Schultens
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Jakob_Reiske=Johann Jakob Reiske
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friedrich_Sylburg=Friedrich Sylburg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carsten_Niebuhr=Carsten Niebuhr
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hillous_Butrum=Hillous Butrum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ernie_Wise=Ernie Wise
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jay_Gould=Jay Gould
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jackie_Chew=Jackie Chew
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zeppo_Marx=Zeppo Marx
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marie_Dressler=Marie Dressler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Mooney=James Mooney
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Irene_Dunne=Irene Dunne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ann_Harding=Ann Harding
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Helen_Hayes=Helen Hayes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lynn_Fontanne=Lynn Fontanne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diana_Wynyard=Diana Wynyard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/May_Robson=May Robson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grace_Moore=Grace Moore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Rhys-Davies=John Rhys-Davies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elisabeth_Bergner=Elisabeth Bergner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miriam_Hopkins=Miriam Hopkins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guy_Pearce=Guy Pearce
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Connie_Booth=Connie Booth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christopher_Nolan=Christopher Nolan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Curtis_Hanson=Curtis Hanson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harold_Innis=Harold Innis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friedrich_Theodor_Vischer=Friedrich Theodor Vischer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rudolf_von_Gottschall=Rudolf von Gottschall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeanne_Julia_Bartet=Jeanne Julia Bartet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ernst_Wilhelm_Hengstenberg=Ernst Wilhelm Hengstenberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Karl_Ludwig_Gieseler=Johann Karl Ludwig Gieseler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gottlieb_Jakob_Planck=Gottlieb Jakob Planck
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heinrich_Barth=Heinrich Barth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karl_Hase=Karl Hase
http://dbpedia.org/resource/August_Neander=August Neander
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leonhard_Hutter=Leonhard Hutter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/August_Tholuck=August Tholuck
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Julius_Wegscheider=Julius Wegscheider
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Salomo_Semler=Johann Salomo Semler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hermann_Samuel_Reimarus=Hermann Samuel Reimarus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ray_Bolger=Ray Bolger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Burt_Reynolds=Burt Reynolds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sara_Suleri=Sara Suleri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Simon_(priest)=Richard Simon (priest)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis_Cappel=Louis Cappel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kaspar_von_Barth=Kaspar von Barth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Draper_Lewis=William Draper Lewis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Del_Martin_and_Phyllis_Lyon=Del Martin and Phyllis Lyon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elvira_of_Castile,_Countess_of_Toulouse=Elvira of Castile, Countess of Toulouse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Death_of_Brandon_Vedas=Death of Brandon Vedas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hugo_Falcandus=Hugo Falcandus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/R._E._G._Davies=R. E. G. Davies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Starhawk=Starhawk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francis_Schaeffer=Francis Schaeffer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sarah_Blaffer_Hrdy=Sarah Blaffer Hrdy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joaquin_Phoenix=Joaquin Phoenix
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ezra_Vogel=Ezra Vogel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lana_Clarkson=Lana Clarkson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colm_Meaney=Colm Meaney
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abu_Hamza_al-Masri=Abu Hamza al-Masri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jim_Fixx=Jim Fixx
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Simon_Crean=Simon Crean
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Max_Nordau=Max Nordau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pamela_Colman_Smith=Pamela Colman Smith
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mary_Kay_Letourneau=Mary Kay Letourneau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karl_Immanuel_Nitzsch=Karl Immanuel Nitzsch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isaak_August_Dorner=Isaak August Dorner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jiddu_Krishnamurti=Jiddu Krishnamurti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lana_Turner=Lana Turner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Kintner=William Kintner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Augustus_Eberhard=Johann Augustus Eberhard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amanda_Pays=Amanda Pays
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friedrich_Eduard_Beneke=Friedrich Eduard Beneke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friedrich_Ueberweg=Friedrich Ueberweg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrew_Grove=Andrew Grove
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jakob_Friedrich_Fries=Jakob Friedrich Fries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matt_Frewer=Matt Frewer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Traci_Lords=Traci Lords
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stuart_Merrill=Stuart Merrill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Joseph_Savage=Michael Joseph Savage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nadezhda_Alliluyeva=Nadezhda Alliluyeva
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sergei_Bondarchuk=Sergei Bondarchuk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andy_Looney=Andy Looney
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Art_Linkletter=Art Linkletter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albert_Giraud=Albert Giraud
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emile_Verhaeren=Emile Verhaeren
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buddy_Ebsen=Buddy Ebsen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Remy_de_Gourmont=Remy de Gourmont
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Will_Ferrell=Will Ferrell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Berengaria_of_Castile=Berengaria of Castile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Helmut_Newton=Helmut Newton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Victor_Lewis-Smith=Victor Lewis-Smith
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rick_Laird=Rick Laird
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bob_Denver=Bob Denver
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ralph_Abernathy=Ralph Abernathy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albert_Samain=Albert Samain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eric_Stenbock=Eric Stenbock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norman_Panama=Norman Panama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tullus_Hostilius=Tullus Hostilius
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saul_Lieberman=Saul Lieberman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rex_E._Lee=Rex E. Lee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alistair_Cooke=Alistair Cooke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfred_von_Schlieffen=Alfred von Schlieffen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Favila_of_Asturias=Favila of Asturias
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Hart_(horticulturist)=Robert Hart (horticulturist)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jimmy_Young_(disc_jockey)=Jimmy Young (disc jockey)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Simone_Weil=Simone Weil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ruth_Barrett=Ruth Barrett
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Chilton=Charles Chilton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Whittaker_Chambers=Whittaker Chambers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keisha_Castle-Hughes=Keisha Castle-Hughes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Lerner_(rabbi)=Michael Lerner (rabbi)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Annie_Potts=Annie Potts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Creamer=Henry Creamer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ha_Jin=Ha Jin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taira_no_Kiyomori=Taira no Kiyomori
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dorothy_Clutterbuck=Dorothy Clutterbuck
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bruce_Babbitt=Bruce Babbitt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bert_Bolin=Bert Bolin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steve_Buscemi=Steve Buscemi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bamber_Gascoigne=Bamber Gascoigne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Morris_Swadesh=Morris Swadesh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marie_d'Agoult=Marie d'Agoult
http://dbpedia.org/resource/H._E._Bates=H. E. Bates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Kelly_Cheyne=Thomas Kelly Cheyne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilhelm_Martin_Leberecht_de_Wette=Wilhelm Martin Leberecht de Wette
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adam_Parvipontanus=Adam Parvipontanus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karl_Rudolf_Hagenbach=Karl Rudolf Hagenbach
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Jakob_Griesbach=Johann Jakob Griesbach
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Wood=Henry Wood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johannes_Oecolampadius=Johannes Oecolampadius
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierce_Brosnan=Pierce Brosnan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Franz_von_Sickingen=Franz von Sickingen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wolfgang_Capito=Wolfgang Capito
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Karl_Wilhelm_Vatke=Johann Karl Wilhelm Vatke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilhelm_Gesenius=Wilhelm Gesenius
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Ludwig_Burckhardt=Johann Ludwig Burckhardt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/August_Hermann_Francke=August Hermann Francke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Georg_Walch=Johann Georg Walch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Ernst_Immanuel_Walch=Johann Ernst Immanuel Walch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albrecht_Ritschl=Albrecht Ritschl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emilia_Hazelip=Emilia Hazelip
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clayton_Alderfer=Clayton Alderfer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Douglas_McGregor=Douglas McGregor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frederick_Herzberg=Frederick Herzberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Victor_Vroom=Victor Vroom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Osric_of_Deira=Osric of Deira
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saul_Alinsky=Saul Alinsky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luise_Rainer=Luise Rainer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gladys_George=Gladys George
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Craig_Breedlove=Craig Breedlove
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fay_Bainter=Fay Bainter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Margaret_Sullavan=Margaret Sullavan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joan_Fontaine=Joan Fontaine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martha_Scott=Martha Scott
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rosalind_Russell=Rosalind Russell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Teresa_Wright=Teresa Wright
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Young_(actor)=Robert Young (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfred_Andersch=Alfred Andersch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brian_Hannon=Brian Hannon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tito_Kayak=Tito Kayak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ernst_Johann_von_Biron=Ernst Johann von Biron
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elizabeth_Fry=Elizabeth Fry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ted_Stevens=Ted Stevens
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heinrich_Ewald=Heinrich Ewald
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eberhard_Schrader=Eberhard Schrader
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karl_Friedrich_Eichhorn=Karl Friedrich Eichhorn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Gottfried_Eichhorn=Johann Gottfried Eichhorn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ferdinand_Hitzig=Ferdinand Hitzig
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eduard_Gans=Eduard Gans
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicolaus_Zinzendorf=Nicolaus Zinzendorf
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carron_Giovanni=Carron Giovanni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carron_Clementina=Carron Clementina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bernard_Silvestris=Bernard Silvestris
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Gerhard=Johann Gerhard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Arndt=Johann Arndt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philipp_Spener=Philipp Spener
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lorne_Greene=Lorne Greene
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gustave_Kahn=Gustave Kahn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karl_Menninger=Karl Menninger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daniel_Drew=Daniel Drew
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lope_de_Aguirre=Lope de Aguirre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_Arthur=Jean Arthur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jay_Cooke=Jay Cooke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harry_Frazee=Harry Frazee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gene_Tierney=Gene Tierney
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roger_Avary=Roger Avary
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guillaume_de_Machaut=Guillaume de Machaut
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pete_Postlethwaite=Pete Postlethwaite
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gummo_Marx=Gummo Marx
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marcus_Garvey=Marcus Garvey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jules_Favre=Jules Favre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Vinoy=Joseph Vinoy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacques_Leroy_de_Saint_Arnaud=Jacques Leroy de Saint Arnaud
http://dbpedia.org/resource/J._P._Morgan=J. P. Morgan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clodia=Clodia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Ouchi=William Ouchi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Russ_Meyer=Russ Meyer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sammy_Gravano=Sammy Gravano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alan_of_Tewkesbury=Alan of Tewkesbury
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bernard_of_Chartres=Bernard of Chartres
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Mares=Paul Mares
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leon_Roppolo=Leon Roppolo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don_Murray_(clarinetist)=Don Murray (clarinetist)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eigil_Nansen=Eigil Nansen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Little_Saint_Hugh_of_Lincoln=Little Saint Hugh of Lincoln
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eldridge_Cleaver=Eldridge Cleaver
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lee_Remick=Lee Remick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Felice_Orsini=Felice Orsini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leonardo_Torres_y_Quevedo=Leonardo Torres y Quevedo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dave_Gorman=Dave Gorman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jamie_Shea=Jamie Shea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brian_Henderson_(television_presenter)=Brian Henderson (television presenter)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Campion=Thomas Campion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Brunies=George Brunies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mansfield_Smith-Cumming=Mansfield Smith-Cumming
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Huey_P._Newton=Huey P. Newton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Megabyzus=Megabyzus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roger_Taylor_(Duran_Duran_drummer)=Roger Taylor (Duran Duran drummer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roger_Taylor_(Queen_drummer)=Roger Taylor (Queen drummer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Bird_(chess_player)=Henry Bird (chess player)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adolf_Anderssen=Adolf Anderssen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Baldwin=William Baldwin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daniel_Baldwin=Daniel Baldwin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stephen_Baldwin=Stephen Baldwin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alec_Baldwin=Alec Baldwin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hugh_Richardson_(magistrate)=Hugh Richardson (magistrate)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ildibad=Ildibad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raymond_Keene=Raymond Keene
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Shirley=John Shirley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Siim_Kallas=Siim Kallas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Al_Christie=Al Christie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Florence_Lawrence=Florence Lawrence
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cotys_I_(Odrysian)=Cotys I (Odrysian)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johan_Asplund=Johan Asplund
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marlee_Matlin=Marlee Matlin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georg_Ebers=Georg Ebers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_of_Brienne=John of Brienne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Kendall_(poet)=Henry Kendall (poet)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Howard_(prison_reformer)=John Howard (prison reformer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_Schuricht=Carl Schuricht
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kathleen_Turner=Kathleen Turner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Julie_Dash=Julie Dash
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sumner_Redstone=Sumner Redstone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dimitrie_Cantemir=Dimitrie Cantemir
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Knox_D'Arcy=William Knox D'Arcy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mikhail_Tal=Mikhail Tal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Pradier=James Pradier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Sculley=John Sculley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adolph_Freiherr_Knigge=Adolph Freiherr Knigge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eileen_Barker=Eileen Barker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mighty_Spoiler=Mighty Spoiler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hamilton_Hume=Hamilton Hume
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Robertson,_Baron_Robertson_of_Port_Ellen=George Robertson, Baron Robertson of Port Ellen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mark_Hoppus=Mark Hoppus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Lee_(Attorney_General)=Charles Lee (Attorney General)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philip_W._Cook=Philip W. Cook
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gypsy_Rose_Lee=Gypsy Rose Lee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maximilian_Bircher-Benner=Maximilian Bircher-Benner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/June_Havoc=June Havoc
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Gerhardt=Paul Gerhardt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christian_Thomasius=Christian Thomasius
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samuel_von_Pufendorf=Samuel von Pufendorf
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heinrich_Ernst_Ferdinand_Guericke=Heinrich Ernst Ferdinand Guericke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Otto_von_Kotzebue=Otto von Kotzebue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francis_Younghusband=Francis Younghusband
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dallin_H._Oaks=Dallin H. Oaks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edmund_Tudor,_1st_Earl_of_Richmond=Edmund Tudor, 1st Earl of Richmond
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ken_Wilber=Ken Wilber
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jane_Wyman=Jane Wyman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Loretta_Young=Loretta Young
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Erika_Slezak=Erika Slezak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dorothy_McGuire=Dorothy McGuire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Susan_Hayward=Susan Hayward
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeanne_Crain=Jeanne Crain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis_II_of_Italy=Louis II of Italy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pontiac_(person)=Pontiac (person)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eddie_Stobart=Eddie Stobart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_Henry_the_elder=Alexander Henry the elder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Cleves_Symmes,_Jr.=John Cleves Symmes, Jr.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_George,_Baron_George=Edward George, Baron George
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_Henri_Georges_Laguerre=Jean Henri Georges Laguerre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_Gilbert_Victor_Fialin,_duc_de_Persigny=Jean Gilbert Victor Fialin, duc de Persigny
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gustave_Flourens=Gustave Flourens
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierre-Joseph_Cambon=Pierre-Joseph Cambon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maurice_Rouvier=Maurice Rouvier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amy_Stiller=Amy Stiller
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Billy_Mitchell=Billy Mitchell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mary_Schmich=Mary Schmich
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Bailey=David Bailey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walter_Winchell=Walter Winchell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Otto_II_of_Lippe=Otto II of Lippe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Girolamo_Fracastoro=Girolamo Fracastoro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrew_R._Cobb=Andrew R. Cobb
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Zenon=Paul Zenon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matthew_Webb=Matthew Webb
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_of_Celano=Thomas of Celano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amy_Johnson=Amy Johnson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francis_Brett_Young=Francis Brett Young
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fifi_D'Orsay=Fifi D'Orsay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Florence_La_Badie=Florence La Badie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marie_Prevost=Marie Prevost
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joe_De_Grasse=Joe De Grasse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sam_De_Grasse=Sam De Grasse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Berton_Churchill=Berton Churchill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Christie=Charles Christie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacob_Frank=Jacob Frank
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Norris_(CEO)=William Norris (CEO)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sophie_Aldred=Sophie Aldred
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Leunig=Michael Leunig
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Simone_Beck=Simone Beck
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Tyler_Kent=James Tyler Kent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jaime_Escalante=Jaime Escalante
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jay_Ward=Jay Ward
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Everett_Horton=Edward Everett Horton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caroline_Fox,_1st_Baroness_Holland=Caroline Fox, 1st Baroness Holland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ernest_Picard=Ernest Picard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexandre_Colonna-Walewski=Alexandre Colonna-Walewski
http://dbpedia.org/resource/June_Foray=June Foray
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eric_Lenneberg=Eric Lenneberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jesica_Santillan=Jesica Santillan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vincent,_Count_Benedetti=Vincent, Count Benedetti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_de_Morny,_Duke_of_Morny=Charles de Morny, Duke of Morny
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_J._Pollard=Michael J. Pollard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bernard_Lewis=Bernard Lewis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maricarmen_Regueiro=Maricarmen Regueiro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Livius_Andronicus=Livius Andronicus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elijah_McCoy=Elijah McCoy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Del_Lord=Del Lord
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Huntley_Gordon=Huntley Gordon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vivienne_Poy=Vivienne Poy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sidney_Olcott=Sidney Olcott
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wayson_Choy=Wayson Choy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hanna_Reitsch=Hanna Reitsch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gottlieb_Daimler=Gottlieb Daimler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seneca_the_Elder=Seneca the Elder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Qubilah_Shabazz=Qubilah Shabazz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hans_Florine=Hans Florine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orlande_de_Lassus=Orlande de Lassus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sami_Al-Arian=Sami Al-Arian
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ross_McElwee=Ross McElwee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nellie_Bly=Nellie Bly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Sarebresole=Paul Sarebresole
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ellen_Burstyn=Ellen Burstyn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arnold_van_Keppel,_1st_Earl_of_Albemarle=Arnold van Keppel, 1st Earl of Albemarle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Butler,_2nd_Duke_of_Ormonde=James Butler, 2nd Duke of Ormonde
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Douglas_Shearer=Douglas Shearer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack_Pickford=Jack Pickford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adi_Shankara=Adi Shankara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ivan_Stang=Ivan Stang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Malcolm_Morley=Malcolm Morley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eli_Cohen=Eli Cohen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Catholicos_of_All_Armenians=Catholicos of All Armenians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_D._Rockefeller=John D. Rockefeller
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_Taylor=Tom Taylor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gloria_Vanderbilt=Gloria Vanderbilt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roy_Rogers=Roy Rogers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tsuyoshi_Makino=Tsuyoshi Makino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Futabatei_Shimei=Futabatei Shimei
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kaita_Murayama=Kaita Murayama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chiaki_J._Konaka=Chiaki J. Konaka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/On_Watanabe=On Watanabe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shizu_Shiraki=Shizu Shiraki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sosen_Mishima=Sosen Mishima
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yoshiki_Hayama=Yoshiki Hayama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Usui_Kojima=Usui Kojima
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hiroo_Yamagata=Hiroo Yamagata
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sakunosuke_Oda=Sakunosuke Oda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Denji_Kuroshima=Denji Kuroshima
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eisuke_Yoshiyuki=Eisuke Yoshiyuki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fukuda_Hideko=Fukuda Hideko
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shinkichi_Hashimoto=Shinkichi Hashimoto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miyatake_Gaikotsu=Miyatake Gaikotsu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Minakata_Kumagusu=Minakata Kumagusu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kido_Okamoto=Kido Okamoto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yolandita_Monge=Yolandita Monge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Rockefeller=William Rockefeller
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jimmy_Swaggart=Jimmy Swaggart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steve_Fossett=Steve Fossett
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Erwin_Aders=Erwin Aders
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hal_Lindsey=Hal Lindsey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hal_Linden=Hal Linden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Prescott=John Prescott
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Sergeant_(journalist)=John Sergeant (journalist)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Watkin=Edward Watkin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Webb_Ellis=William Webb Ellis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Go_Seigen=Go Seigen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clyde_Coombs=Clyde Coombs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Dole=James Dole
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Judy_Holliday=Judy Holliday
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anne_Baxter=Anne Baxter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eleanor_Parker=Eleanor Parker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rafael_Bracero=Rafael Bracero
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shirley_Booth=Shirley Booth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shelley_Winters=Shelley Winters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Julie_Harris=Julie Harris
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alpay_(singer)=Alpay (singer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arthur_Coles=Arthur Coles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leopold_Poetsch=Leopold Poetsch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicholas_Negroponte=Nicholas Negroponte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Correll=Charles Correll
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Freeman_Gosden=Freeman Gosden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gustave_Caillebotte=Gustave Caillebotte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bert_Williams=Bert Williams
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Henry=Joseph Henry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carson_Daly=Carson Daly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Katrin_Cartlidge=Katrin Cartlidge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eric_Trolle=Eric Trolle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Russ_Jackson=Russ Jackson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maggie_McNamara=Maggie McNamara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dorothy_Dandridge=Dorothy Dandridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steven_Bochco=Steven Bochco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Demi_Moore=Demi Moore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Lamb=Joseph Lamb
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louise_Brooks=Louise Brooks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ben_Harney=Ben Harney
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giacomo_Meyerbeer=Giacomo Meyerbeer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ishibashi_Ningetsu=Ishibashi Ningetsu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Enzo_Matsunaga=Enzo Matsunaga
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hugo_Eckener=Hugo Eckener
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sadakazu_Fujii=Sadakazu Fujii
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mitsuzo_Sasaki=Mitsuzo Sasaki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miekichi_Suzuki=Miekichi Suzuki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tsugi_Takano=Tsugi Takano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Takashi_Nagatsuka=Takashi Nagatsuka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atsushi_Nakajima=Atsushi Nakajima
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nankichi_Niimi=Nankichi Niimi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hong_Bok-won=Hong Bok-won
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alan_Civil=Alan Civil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maurice_Gee=Maurice Gee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Mason_(trumpet_player)=David Mason (trumpet player)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_Armstrong_(cartoonist)=Tom Armstrong (cartoonist)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Max_Fleischer=Max Fleischer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lester_Melrose=Lester Melrose
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hal_Hartley=Hal Hartley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Douglas_(bishop_of_Salisbury)=John Douglas (bishop of Salisbury)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dennis_Hastert=Dennis Hastert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nathaniel_Lardner=Nathaniel Lardner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nathaniel_Branden=Nathaniel Branden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bert_Berns=Bert Berns
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jing_Ke=Jing Ke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dexter_Holland=Dexter Holland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Otis=William Otis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samuel_Colt=Samuel Colt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Joseph,_comte_de_Flahaut=Charles Joseph, comte de Flahaut
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bill_O'Reilly_(political_commentator)=Bill O'Reilly (political commentator)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Akiva_ben_Joseph=Akiva ben Joseph
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Townsend_Brown=Thomas Townsend Brown
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Susan_R._Wolf=Susan R. Wolf
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moon_Landrieu=Moon Landrieu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Susan_Travers=Susan Travers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mary_Landrieu=Mary Landrieu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alberich_of_Reims=Alberich of Reims
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samuel_Clarke=Samuel Clarke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vladimiro_Montesinos=Vladimiro Montesinos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nathaniel_Bacon_(colonist)=Nathaniel Bacon (colonist)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeremiah_Markland=Jeremiah Markland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jonathan_Toup=Jonathan Toup
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gayle_Anderson=Gayle Anderson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Bentley=Richard Bentley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Salmon_P._Chase=Salmon P. Chase
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harry_Shields=Harry Shields
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christopher_Hill_(historian)=Christopher Hill (historian)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alberto_Sordi=Alberto Sordi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ruby_Keeler=Ruby Keeler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jay_Silverheels=Jay Silverheels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mickey_Deans=Mickey Deans
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alice_Brady=Alice Brady
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_D._Sloat=John D. Sloat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_FitzGerald,_7th_Duke_of_Leinster=Edward FitzGerald, 7th Duke of Leinster
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Minamoto_no_Yoriie=Minamoto no Yoriie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Minamoto_no_Sanetomo=Minamoto no Sanetomo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Percivall_Pott=Percivall Pott
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vince_Gair=Vince Gair
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Herophilos=Herophilos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack_Warner_(actor)=Jack Warner (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacques_de_Molay=Jacques de Molay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Dawes=Richard Dawes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Taylor_(classical_scholar)=John Taylor (classical scholar)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Georg_Graevius=Johann Georg Graevius
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hugues_de_Payens=Hugues de Payens
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gottlieb_Christoph_Harless=Gottlieb Christoph Harless
http://dbpedia.org/resource/August_Meineke=August Meineke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_August_Ernesti=Johann August Ernesti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Warburton=William Warburton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Hurd_(bishop)=Richard Hurd (bishop)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Birch=Thomas Birch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Conyers_Middleton=Conyers Middleton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Julien_Josephson=Julien Josephson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brad_Cox=Brad Cox
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Douglas_McIlroy=Douglas McIlroy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daniel_Albert_Wyttenbach=Daniel Albert Wyttenbach
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Bruce=Edward Bruce
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Molson=John Molson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tiberius_Hemsterhuis=Tiberius Hemsterhuis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pieter_Burman_the_Younger=Pieter Burman the Younger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pieter_Burman_the_Elder=Pieter Burman the Elder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Perizonius=Perizonius
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_Andreas_Duker=Carl Andreas Duker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Paul_Dobree=Peter Paul Dobree
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Monk_(bishop)=James Monk (bishop)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Tyrwhitt=Thomas Tyrwhitt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Scholefield=James Scholefield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Kidd_(classical_scholar)=Thomas Kidd (classical scholar)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Omar_Sharif=Omar Sharif
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jakob_Bernays=Jakob Bernays
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Bernays=Michael Bernays
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sabbatai_Zevi=Sabbatai Zevi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Porson=Richard Porson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Greenwood_(divine)=John Greenwood (divine)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Connop_Thirlwall=Connop Thirlwall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karl_Wilhelm_Friedrich_Schlegel=Karl Wilhelm Friedrich Schlegel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Darren_Flutie=Darren Flutie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Humphrey_Hody=Humphrey Hody
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Mill_(theologian)=John Mill (theologian)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cristina_Saralegui=Cristina Saralegui
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marc_Boerigter=Marc Boerigter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Verity_Lambert=Verity Lambert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Drest_IX=Drest IX
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joel_Garreau=Joel Garreau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maurice_Bowra=Maurice Bowra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Tavener=John Tavener
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_Talon=Jean Talon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anna_Magnani=Anna Magnani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis-Joseph_Papineau=Louis-Joseph Papineau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mushitaro_Oguri=Mushitaro Oguri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fujimoto_Kazuko=Fujimoto Kazuko
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Lambton,_1st_Earl_of_Durham=John Lambton, 1st Earl of Durham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis-Hippolyte_Lafontaine=Louis-Hippolyte Lafontaine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marjorie_Lawrence=Marjorie Lawrence
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nancy_Kelly=Nancy Kelly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Willie_Hall_(pianist)=Willie Hall (pianist)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carroll_Baker=Carroll Baker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Wotton=William Wotton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Dodwell=Henry Dodwell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrew_Kippis=Andrew Kippis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fergus_mac_Echdach=Fergus mac Echdach
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Muiredach_mac_Ainbcellaig=Muiredach mac Ainbcellaig
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eochaid_mac_Echdach=Eochaid mac Echdach
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Selbach_mac_Ferchair=Selbach mac Ferchair
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Hearne_(antiquarian)=Thomas Hearne (antiquarian)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abbas_Benedictus=Abbas Benedictus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Duffus_Hardy=Thomas Duffus Hardy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_Balloch_Grosart=Alexander Balloch Grosart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Gataker=Thomas Gataker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Publilius_Syrus=Publilius Syrus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfred_of_Sareshel=Alfred of Sareshel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Khalid_Sheikh_Mohammed=Khalid Sheikh Mohammed
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joachim_Camerarius=Joachim Camerarius
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_Dyce=Alexander Dyce
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frank_Winfield_Woolworth=Frank Winfield Woolworth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Gaisford=Thomas Gaisford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karl_Wilhelm_Dindorf=Karl Wilhelm Dindorf
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bob_Graham=Bob Graham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friedrich_Wilhelm_Schneidewin=Friedrich Wilhelm Schneidewin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/E._J._Bellocq=E. J. Bellocq
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maximilian_Wolfgang_Duncker=Maximilian Wolfgang Duncker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barbara_Turner_(actress)=Barbara Turner (actress)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carel_Gabriel_Cobet=Carel Gabriel Cobet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martha_Stewart=Martha Stewart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jason_Marsden=Jason Marsden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilhelm_Wattenbach=Wilhelm Wattenbach
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ainbcellach_mac_Ferchair=Ainbcellach mac Ferchair
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Kempe=William Kempe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_George_Hohman=John George Hohman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philippa_Roet=Philippa Roet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jackie_Coogan=Jackie Coogan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Canteloube=Joseph Canteloube
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Mason=Charles Mason
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Betty_Grable=Betty Grable
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Thornhill=James Thornhill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ottaviano_Petrucci=Ottaviano Petrucci
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Simon_Fraser,_11th_Lord_Lovat=Simon Fraser, 11th Lord Lovat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eochaid_mac_Domangairt=Eochaid mac Domangairt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ferchar_Fota=Ferchar Fota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Frum=David Frum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vladislav_Listyev=Vladislav Listyev
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nick_Leeson=Nick Leeson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Harrington_(musician)=Paul Harrington (musician)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Azathoth=Azathoth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Servetus=Michael Servetus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samuel_Renshaw=Samuel Renshaw
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antoine_Pierre_Berryer=Antoine Pierre Berryer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yi_Jachun=Yi Jachun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Juliette_Gordon_Low=Juliette Gordon Low
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Godfrey_Kneller=Godfrey Kneller
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mark-Anthony_Turnage=Mark-Anthony Turnage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ed_Rosenthal=Ed Rosenthal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Malcolm_Williamson=Malcolm Williamson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christopher_Morley=Christopher Morley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zaya_Pandita=Zaya Pandita
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adam_Pulchrae_Mulieris=Adam Pulchrae Mulieris
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Evelyn=John Evelyn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Horst_Buchholz=Horst Buchholz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Penelope_Spheeris=Penelope Spheeris
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dennis_Hwang=Dennis Hwang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gerard_Slevin=Gerard Slevin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_MacLysaght=Edward MacLysaght
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norris_McWhirter=Norris McWhirter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ross_McWhirter=Ross McWhirter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aristide_Briand=Aristide Briand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albert_Sorel=Albert Sorel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Darryl_F._Zanuck=Darryl F. Zanuck
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Secondo_Campini=Secondo Campini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marinus_van_der_Lubbe=Marinus van der Lubbe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harry_Burnett_Lumsden=Harry Burnett Lumsden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joe_Pantoliano=Joe Pantoliano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liu_Huaqing=Liu Huaqing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luis_Estaba=Luis Estaba
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ninette_de_Valois=Ninette de Valois
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cornelius_Jansen=Cornelius Jansen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rogier_van_der_Weyden=Rogier van der Weyden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hans_Memling=Hans Memling
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pedanius_Dioscorides=Pedanius Dioscorides
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kido_Takayoshi=Kido Takayoshi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gilles_Binchois=Gilles Binchois
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maurice_Greene_(composer)=Maurice Greene (composer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicholas_Lanier=Nicholas Lanier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walford_Davies=Walford Davies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis_Grabu=Louis Grabu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicholas_Staggins=Nicholas Staggins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keith_Allen_(actor)=Keith Allen (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jon_Crosby=Jon Crosby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Stewart,_1st_Marquess_of_Londonderry=Robert Stewart, 1st Marquess of Londonderry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Eccles_(composer)=John Eccles (composer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isobel_Barnett=Isobel Barnett
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Stanley_(composer)=John Stanley (composer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cain_and_Abel=Cain and Abel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cornelius_Cardew=Cornelius Cardew
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johan_Vaaler=Johan Vaaler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Boyce_(composer)=William Boyce (composer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_K._Baxter=James K. Baxter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walter_Parratt=Walter Parratt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Cusins=William Cusins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Shield=William Shield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georges_Rey=Georges Rey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Nagel=Thomas Nagel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ted_Koppel=Ted Koppel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maher_Arar=Maher Arar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Domnall_Donn=Domnall Donn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Henley=John Henley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Conall_Crandomna=Conall Crandomna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Domangart_mac_Domnaill=Domangart mac Domnaill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Connad_Cerr=Connad Cerr
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ferchar_mac_Connaid=Ferchar mac Connaid
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eochaid_Buide=Eochaid Buide
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Conall_mac_Comgaill=Conall mac Comgaill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Domnall_Brecc=Domnall Brecc
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Justin_Clinchant=Justin Clinchant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Bickham_the_Younger=George Bickham the Younger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Auld=William Auld
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Bell=Joseph Bell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georges_Cadoudal=Georges Cadoudal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Antheil=George Antheil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anthony_Hope=Anthony Hope
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Comgall_mac_Domangairt=Comgall mac Domangairt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jum'a-Mohammad_Mohammadi=Jum'a-Mohammad Mohammadi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Taylor_of_Caroline=John Taylor of Caroline
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leonard_Chang=Leonard Chang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oliver_Law=Oliver Law
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joe_Rosenthal=Joe Rosenthal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oskar_Merikanto=Oskar Merikanto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maxwell_Bodenheim=Maxwell Bodenheim
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Coventry,_1st_Baron_Coventry=Thomas Coventry, 1st Baron Coventry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monoimus=Monoimus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Sprat=Thomas Sprat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Harding_Firth=Charles Harding Firth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frederick_York_Powell=Frederick York Powell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Villiers,_2nd_Duke_of_Buckingham=George Villiers, 2nd Duke of Buckingham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Gairdner=James Gairdner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Sherren_Brewer=John Sherren Brewer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Anthony_Froude=James Anthony Froude
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samuel_Rawson_Gardiner=Samuel Rawson Gardiner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joan_Apsley=Joan Apsley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Bennet,_1st_Earl_of_Arlington=Henry Bennet, 1st Earl of Arlington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abraham_Fischer=Abraham Fischer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_Stamitz=Carl Stamitz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_Simmons=Jean Simmons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grenville_Davey=Grenville Davey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greg_Palast=Greg Palast
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Vertue=George Vertue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joanne_Woodward=Joanne Woodward
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Melina_Mercouri=Melina Mercouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Livingston_the_Younger=Robert Livingston the Younger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Livingston_the_Elder=Robert Livingston the Elder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frank_James=Frank James
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zalmay_Khalilzad=Zalmay Khalilzad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albert_Wohlstetter=Albert Wohlstetter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steve_Bell_(cartoonist)=Steve Bell (cartoonist)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Corrie_Sanders=Corrie Sanders
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacques_Pierre_Brissot=Jacques Pierre Brissot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Qari_Ahmadullah=Qari Ahmadullah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spike_Jones=Spike Jones
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_F._Cline=Edward F. Cline
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leik_Myrabo=Leik Myrabo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Senesino=Senesino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Owen_Flanagan=Owen Flanagan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philip_Treacy=Philip Treacy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_of_Saint_George=James of Saint George
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madame_du_Barry=Madame du Barry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Than_Shwe=Than Shwe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_James_Heidegger=John James Heidegger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kashmir_Khan=Kashmir Khan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harry_Frederick_Oppenheimer=Harry Frederick Oppenheimer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_A._Rothrock=George A. Rothrock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Solomon_Mikhoels=Solomon Mikhoels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beau_Brummell=Beau Brummell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maria_Fitzherbert=Maria Fitzherbert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Owen_Roe_O'Neill=Owen Roe O'Neill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Svetlana_Alliluyeva=Svetlana Alliluyeva
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albert_Anker=Albert Anker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antonia_Novello=Antonia Novello
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gary_Barwin=Gary Barwin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Margaret_the_Virgin=Margaret the Virgin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Claude_Antoine,_comte_Prieur-Duvernois=Claude Antoine, comte Prieur-Duvernois
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierre_Louis_Prieur=Pierre Louis Prieur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Ireton=Henry Ireton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Flecknoe=Richard Flecknoe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Cavendish,_1st_Duke_of_Newcastle=William Cavendish, 1st Duke of Newcastle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tauno_Palo=Tauno Palo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eastwood_Lane=Eastwood Lane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lord_Frederick_Cavendish=Lord Frederick Cavendish
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Baxter=Richard Baxter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sammy_Davis_Jr.=Sammy Davis Jr.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Maitland,_3rd_Earl_of_Lauderdale=Charles Maitland, 3rd Earl of Lauderdale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Maitland,_1st_Duke_of_Lauderdale=John Maitland, 1st Duke of Lauderdale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Derek_V._Smith=Derek V. Smith
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yolanda_Vadiz=Yolanda Vadiz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daniel_Cornelius_Danielssen=Daniel Cornelius Danielssen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uri_Geller=Uri Geller
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Coram=Thomas Coram
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emma_Albani=Emma Albani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roger_Newdigate=Roger Newdigate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sam_Whittingham=Sam Whittingham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gordon_S._Fahrni=Gordon S. Fahrni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Daudelin=Charles Daudelin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Domingo_Cavallo=Domingo Cavallo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diana_Rigg=Diana Rigg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marco_Antonio_Barrera=Marco Antonio Barrera
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jerome_Horwitz=Jerome Horwitz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marcion_of_Sinope=Marcion of Sinope
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Wesley_Peters=William Wesley Peters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harvey_Milk=Harvey Milk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pelagius=Pelagius
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis_Laguerre=Louis Laguerre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carlos_Bernard=Carlos Bernard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yoshinori_Shimizu=Yoshinori Shimizu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benjamin_Hall,_1st_Baron_Llanover=Benjamin Hall, 1st Baron Llanover
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilhelm_Adolf_Schmidt=Wilhelm Adolf Schmidt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Burbage=Richard Burbage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Beckford_(politician)=William Beckford (politician)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_Maurice_Tourneux=Jean Maurice Tourneux
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antoine_Quentin_Fouquier-Tinville=Antoine Quentin Fouquier-Tinville
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Camille_Desmoulins=Camille Desmoulins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friedrich_Melchior,_Baron_von_Grimm=Friedrich Melchior, Baron von Grimm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacques-Donatien_Le_Ray_de_Chaumont=Jacques-Donatien Le Ray de Chaumont
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emily_FitzGerald,_Duchess_of_Leinster=Emily FitzGerald, Duchess of Leinster
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Lee_Ingersoll=David Lee Ingersoll
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Fiske_(philosopher)=John Fiske (philosopher)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hans_Bernd_Gisevius=Hans Bernd Gisevius
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edwin_Drake=Edwin Drake
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francis_Lovell,_1st_Viscount_Lovell=Francis Lovell, 1st Viscount Lovell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lincoln_Steffens=Lincoln Steffens
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierre_Victor,_baron_Malouet=Pierre Victor, baron Malouet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Deane_(regicide)=Richard Deane (regicide)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Niall_FitzGerald=Niall FitzGerald
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cesare_Beccaria=Cesare Beccaria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ferdinando_Galiani=Ferdinando Galiani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marie_Anne_de_Vichy-Chamrond,_marquise_du_Deffand=Marie Anne de Vichy-Chamrond, marquise du Deffand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Konstantin_von_Neurath=Konstantin von Neurath
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giovanni_Battista_Beccaria=Giovanni Battista Beccaria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Siger_of_Brabant=Siger of Brabant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierre_Charles_Le_Monnier=Pierre Charles Le Monnier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zara_Phillips=Zara Phillips
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Owen_(theologian)=John Owen (theologian)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edmund_Calamy_the_Elder=Edmund Calamy the Elder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matthew_Newcomen=Matthew Newcomen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stephen_Marshall_(English_clergyman)=Stephen Marshall (English clergyman)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Livingston=Edward Livingston
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Claude_Fournier_(revolutionary)=Claude Fournier (revolutionary)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Justo_Rufino_Barrios=Justo Rufino Barrios
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stanislav_Zimprich=Stanislav Zimprich
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spalding_Gray=Spalding Gray
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Asaph_Hall=Asaph Hall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mocius=Mocius
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_M._Korry=Edward M. Korry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Donald_M._Kendall=Donald M. Kendall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norma_Khouri=Norma Khouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lawrence_Hargrave=Lawrence Hargrave
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dennis_Prager=Dennis Prager
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierre_Victurnien_Vergniaud=Pierre Victurnien Vergniaud
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_de_Mowbray,_1st_Duke_of_Norfolk=Thomas de Mowbray, 1st Duke of Norfolk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Michel_Antoine_Servan=Joseph Michel Antoine Servan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_Baptiste_Massillon=Jean Baptiste Massillon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madame_Roland=Madame Roland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ray_Stannard_Baker=Ray Stannard Baker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hugh_Latimer=Hugh Latimer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antoine_Destutt_de_Tracy=Antoine Destutt de Tracy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Suger=Suger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leon_Schlesinger=Leon Schlesinger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miklos_Udvardy=Miklos Udvardy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lynne_Thigpen=Lynne Thigpen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reed_Arvin=Reed Arvin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Henry_Lewis=John Henry Lewis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_de_Sainte-Maure,_duc_de_Montausier=Charles de Sainte-Maure, duc de Montausier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edmund_Castell=Edmund Castell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Lightfoot=John Lightfoot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Duncan_Grant=Duncan Grant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Pococke=Edward Pococke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brian_Walton_(bishop)=Brian Walton (bishop)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Noy=William Noy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Coke=John Coke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eadmer=Eadmer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steve_McQueen_(director)=Steve McQueen (director)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Strode=William Strode
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clive_Bell=Clive Bell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vanessa_Bell=Vanessa Bell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roger_Fry=Roger Fry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barbara_Bodine=Barbara Bodine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Denzil_Holles,_1st_Baron_Holles=Denzil Holles, 1st Baron Holles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Haji_Bashar=Haji Bashar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edmund_Waller=Edmund Waller
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Petrillo=James Petrillo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Padmasambhava=Padmasambhava
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Stephen_(politician)=James Stephen (politician)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friz_Freleng=Friz Freleng
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fred_Beckey=Fred Beckey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rachel_Corrie=Rachel Corrie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zhang_Zizhong=Zhang Zizhong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ferdinand_Lassalle=Ferdinand Lassalle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Firmin=Peter Firmin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lillian_Gish=Lillian Gish
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Reed_(poet)=Henry Reed (poet)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johan_Ludvig_Runeberg=Johan Ludvig Runeberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hydatius=Hydatius
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ella_Maillart=Ella Maillart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Foss=Edward Foss
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Drayton=Michael Drayton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samuel_Daniel=Samuel Daniel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uday_Hussein=Uday Hussein
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Bacon_Oliver=William Bacon Oliver
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacob_Horton=Jacob Horton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ken_Ham=Ken Ham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hans_Lippershey=Hans Lippershey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Herman_Dooyeweerd=Herman Dooyeweerd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Desmond_MacCarthy=Desmond MacCarthy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jessica_Dubroff=Jessica Dubroff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clyde_Tolson=Clyde Tolson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_McKimson=Robert McKimson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bob_Clampett=Bob Clampett
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frank_Tashlin=Frank Tashlin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilhelm_Reich=Wilhelm Reich
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Mellaart=James Mellaart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georg_Wilhelm_Steller=Georg Wilhelm Steller
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Sarnoff=David Sarnoff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Malcolm_McDowell=Malcolm McDowell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yevgeny_Adamov=Yevgeny Adamov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tatyana_Sapunova=Tatyana Sapunova
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johan_Herman_Wessel=Johan Herman Wessel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lady_Sarah_Lennox=Lady Sarah Lennox
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eddie_Edwards_(musician)=Eddie Edwards (musician)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Behan_(sculptor)=John Behan (sculptor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frank_Christian_(trumpeter)=Frank Christian (trumpeter)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Delaney=Edward Delaney
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gustavus_von_Tempsky=Gustavus von Tempsky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Harvard_(clergyman)=John Harvard (clergyman)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heinrich_Cornelius_Agrippa=Heinrich Cornelius Agrippa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harman_and_Ising=Harman and Ising
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bert_Sugar=Bert Sugar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lyman_Ward_(actor)=Lyman Ward (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boris_Brunov=Boris Brunov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ibn_Khaldun=Ibn Khaldun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beniamino_Gigli=Beniamino Gigli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_Schwartz=Jean Schwartz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Jerome=William Jerome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frank_Sargeson=Frank Sargeson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Otto_Frank=Otto Frank
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barry_Callaghan=Barry Callaghan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Choi_Seung-hee=Choi Seung-hee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Taylor_(Mormon)=John Taylor (Mormon)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roger_Delgado=Roger Delgado
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Simon_Donald=Simon Donald
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Igor_Sikorsky=Igor Sikorsky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Camille_Souter=Camille Souter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patrick_Pye=Patrick Pye
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dorothy_Cross=Dorothy Cross
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anne_Madden=Anne Madden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Imogen_Stuart=Imogen Stuart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Taylor_(dissenting_preacher)=John Taylor (dissenting preacher)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Edward_Taylor=John Edward Taylor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Taylor_(poet)=John Taylor (poet)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matthew_Broderick=Matthew Broderick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/He-Man=He-Man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bernadette_Peters=Bernadette Peters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eugen_Fischer=Eugen Fischer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Lambert_(general)=John Lambert (general)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francisque_Sarcey=Francisque Sarcey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul-Armand_Challemel-Lacour=Paul-Armand Challemel-Lacour
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Boyle,_1st_Earl_of_Burlington=Richard Boyle, 1st Earl of Burlington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Davison=Peter Davison
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Claude_Charles_Fauriel=Claude Charles Fauriel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fulton_Mackay=Fulton Mackay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arnold_Machin=Arnold Machin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Augustin_Thierry=Augustin Thierry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Catesby=Robert Catesby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bettie_Page=Bettie Page
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Boyle,_5th_Earl_of_Cork=John Boyle, 5th Earl of Cork
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don_Johnson=Don Johnson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jesse_Lynch_Williams=Jesse Lynch Williams
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kiichi_Miyazawa=Kiichi Miyazawa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tsutomu_Hata=Tsutomu Hata
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Quan_Judge=William Quan Judge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Steel_Olcott=Henry Steel Olcott
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Simon_C._Dik=Simon C. Dik
http://dbpedia.org/resource/An_Shigao=An Shigao
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Annie_Besant=Annie Besant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Augustin_Filon=Augustin Filon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colin_Tudge=Colin Tudge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Gottfried_Jakob_Hermann=Johann Gottfried Jakob Hermann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_William_Donaldson=John William Donaldson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Webster_Leadbeater=Charles Webster Leadbeater
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Backhouse_Eastwick=Edward Backhouse Eastwick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Thomas_Colebrooke=Henry Thomas Colebrooke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georg_Friedrich_Creuzer=Georg Friedrich Creuzer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eliphas_Levi=Eliphas Levi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Heinrich_Voss=Johann Heinrich Voss
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heinrich_Christian_Boie=Heinrich Christian Boie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friedrich_Wilhelm_Gotter=Friedrich Wilhelm Gotter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friedrich_Leopold_zu_Stolberg-Stolberg=Friedrich Leopold zu Stolberg-Stolberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francesco_Scipione,_marchese_di_Maffei=Francesco Scipione, marchese di Maffei
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antoine_Isaac_Silvestre_de_Sacy=Antoine Isaac Silvestre de Sacy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friedrich_Thiersch=Friedrich Thiersch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theodor_Benfey=Theodor Benfey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karl_Felix_Halm=Karl Felix Halm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Caspar_von_Orelli=Johann Caspar von Orelli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Yule=Henry Yule
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Bettany=Paul Bettany
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Riccardo_Muti=Riccardo Muti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zitkala-Sa=Zitkala-Sa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karl_August_von_Hardenberg=Karl August von Hardenberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christian_Lobeck=Christian Lobeck
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benjamin_Tillman=Benjamin Tillman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chelsea_Clinton=Chelsea Clinton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Winterton=George Winterton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Art_Babbitt=Art Babbitt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ward_Kimball=Ward Kimball
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adrien_Brody=Adrien Brody
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jerry_Colangelo=Jerry Colangelo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Goldman=James Goldman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fred_West=Fred West
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfred_Chester_Beatty=Alfred Chester Beatty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fritz_Todt=Fritz Todt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ian_Rank-Broadley=Ian Rank-Broadley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tecumseh=Tecumseh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Booth=William Booth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Earl_Doherty=Earl Doherty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keith_Holyoake=Keith Holyoake
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Count_Theodosius=Count Theodosius
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anthony_van_Hoboken=Anthony van Hoboken
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carlos_Santiago_Nino=Carlos Santiago Nino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kati_Outinen=Kati Outinen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raphael_Maklouf=Raphael Maklouf
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arthur_Lasenby_Liberty=Arthur Lasenby Liberty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Belva_Gaertner=Belva Gaertner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Pierce_Baker=George Pierce Baker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maurine_Dallas_Watkins=Maurine Dallas Watkins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beulah_Annan=Beulah Annan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rudolf_Augstein=Rudolf Augstein
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lars_Amble=Lars Amble
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samuel_Underhill=Samuel Underhill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Una_Stubbs=Una Stubbs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Allan_W._Eckert=Allan W. Eckert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Wetmore=William Wetmore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lark_Voorhies=Lark Voorhies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Patkul=Johann Patkul
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacob_Magnus_Sprengtporten=Jacob Magnus Sprengtporten
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georg_Magnus_Sprengtporten=Georg Magnus Sprengtporten
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Gilbert_(painter)=John Gilbert (painter)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_Gustaf_Nordin=Carl Gustaf Nordin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rex_King-Clark=Rex King-Clark
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carlo_Favagrossa=Carlo Favagrossa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Gilbert_(actor)=John Gilbert (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Quennell=Peter Quennell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barnes_Wallis=Barnes Wallis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raphael_Finkel=Raphael Finkel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Axel_von_Fersen_the_Elder=Axel von Fersen the Elder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Axel_von_Fersen_the_Younger=Axel von Fersen the Younger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mia_Farrow=Mia Farrow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Pearse=Richard Pearse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sonya_Smith=Sonya Smith
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amr_Moussa=Amr Moussa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mary_Gillick=Mary Gillick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maureen_O'Sullivan=Maureen O'Sullivan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Annette_Crosbie=Annette Crosbie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Cleland=John Cleland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ebenezer_Howard=Ebenezer Howard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_W._Marshall=James W. Marshall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ken_Akamatsu=Ken Akamatsu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emperor_Murakami=Emperor Murakami
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emperor_Daigo=Emperor Daigo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emperor_Suzaku=Emperor Suzaku
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ferruccio_Busoni=Ferruccio Busoni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gustaf_Mauritz_Armfelt=Gustaf Mauritz Armfelt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Steele_(referee)=Richard Steele (referee)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gustaf_Adolf_Reuterholm=Gustaf Adolf Reuterholm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johan_Christopher_Toll=Johan Christopher Toll
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elizabeth_Hawkins-Whitshed=Elizabeth Hawkins-Whitshed
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tim_Kazurinsky=Tim Kazurinsky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Perle=Richard Perle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emeric_Pressburger=Emeric Pressburger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ralph_Alger_Bagnold=Ralph Alger Bagnold
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stefan_Wolpe=Stefan Wolpe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tim_Paterson=Tim Paterson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Agnes_Moorehead=Agnes Moorehead
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diane_Keaton=Diane Keaton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Egon_Petri=Egon Petri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sid_Caesar=Sid Caesar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gongsun_Long=Gongsun Long
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Capucine=Capucine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_W._Chesnutt=Charles W. Chesnutt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daniel_Pearl=Daniel Pearl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Venner=Thomas Venner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Lawes=Henry Lawes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bryan_Guinness,_2nd_Baron_Moyne=Bryan Guinness, 2nd Baron Moyne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Lauder_(forger)=William Lauder (forger)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arthur_Haselrig=Arthur Haselrig
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Herleva=Herleva
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philip_Warwick=Philip Warwick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Wentworth,_1st_Earl_of_Strafford=Thomas Wentworth, 1st Earl of Strafford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Roe=Thomas Roe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adam_Loftus,_1st_Viscount_Loftus=Adam Loftus, 1st Viscount Loftus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adam_Loftus_(bishop)=Adam Loftus (bishop)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Mant=Richard Mant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Galeazzo_II_Visconti=Galeazzo II Visconti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taha_Yassin_Ramadan=Taha Yassin Ramadan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_Brown_(trombonist)=Tom Brown (trombonist)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_Icahn=Carl Icahn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ahmad_Shukeiri=Ahmad Shukeiri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Williams_(animator)=Richard Williams (animator)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Willis_Ritchey=George Willis Ritchey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alan_Cumming=Alan Cumming
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack_Mercer=Jack Mercer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_G._Shulman=Robert G. Shulman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ben_Browder=Ben Browder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amanda_Bynes=Amanda Bynes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Celine_Dion=Celine Dion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sajida_Talfah=Sajida Talfah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gerardus_Heymans=Gerardus Heymans
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johannes_Jacobus_Poortman=Johannes Jacobus Poortman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patrick_Anson,_5th_Earl_of_Lichfield=Patrick Anson, 5th Earl of Lichfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pat_Clayton=Pat Clayton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Syagrius=Syagrius
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Setthathirath=Setthathirath
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Souvannarath=Souvannarath
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Franz_Werfel=Franz Werfel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alma_Mahler=Alma Mahler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Harkness=Edward Harkness
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phoumi_Nosavan=Phoumi Nosavan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fairuza_Balk=Fairuza Balk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Photisarath=Photisarath
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Khun_Lo=Khun Lo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ben_Cheese=Ben Cheese
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Gottfried_Gruber=Johann Gottfried Gruber
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christoph_Martin_Wieland=Christoph Martin Wieland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Jakob_Bodmer=Johann Jakob Bodmer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Christoph_Gottsched=Johann Christoph Gottsched
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barthold_Heinrich_Brockes=Barthold Heinrich Brockes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Martin_Lappenberg=Johann Martin Lappenberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Arnett=Peter Arnett
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georg_Heinrich_Pertz=Georg Heinrich Pertz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zsuzsanna_Budapest=Zsuzsanna Budapest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Helmold=Helmold
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benjamin_Thorpe=Benjamin Thorpe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/August_Potthast=August Potthast
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arnold_Hermann_Ludwig_Heeren=Arnold Hermann Ludwig Heeren
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christian_Hermann_Weisse=Christian Hermann Weisse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christian_Wolf=Christian Wolf
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Haj_Amin_al-Husseini=Haj Amin al-Husseini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stephen_Perry_(inventor)=Stephen Perry (inventor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cyrus_West_Field=Cyrus West Field
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bartolomeo_Cristofori=Bartolomeo Cristofori
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Zebrowski=George Zebrowski
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angelo_da_Clareno=Angelo da Clareno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Subhas_Chandra_Bose=Subhas Chandra Bose
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Somsavat_Lengsavad=Somsavat Lengsavad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xuanzang=Xuanzang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jules_Hardouin_Mansart=Jules Hardouin Mansart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gregory_Blaxland=Gregory Blaxland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matt_Drudge=Matt Drudge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Soong_Ching-ling=Soong Ching-ling
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Jeter=Michael Jeter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kim_Basinger=Kim Basinger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Helge_Ingstad=Helge Ingstad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sean_Gullette=Sean Gullette
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Gall=James Gall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Preuss_(author)=Paul Preuss (author)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Samuel_Ersch=Johann Samuel Ersch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christoph_Wilhelm_Hufeland=Christoph Wilhelm Hufeland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barthold_Georg_Niebuhr=Barthold Georg Niebuhr
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ulpian=Ulpian
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Honinbo_Shusaku=Honinbo Shusaku
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gustav_Hugo=Gustav Hugo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reinhold_Niebuhr=Reinhold Niebuhr
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Divine_(performer)=Divine (performer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nick_Cannon=Nick Cannon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ratsadanay=Ratsadanay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lee_Raymond=Lee Raymond
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Fumento=Michael Fumento
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Novak=Michael Novak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mullah_Salam=Mullah Salam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Valentin_Pavlov=Valentin Pavlov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Freddie_Laker=Freddie Laker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albert_Edelfelt=Albert Edelfelt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Niels_Ferguson=Niels Ferguson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Herennius_Modestinus=Herennius Modestinus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/L._Brent_Bozell_III=L. Brent Bozell III
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Publius_Septimius_Geta=Publius Septimius Geta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicolas_Flamel=Nicolas Flamel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ranulf_de_Glanvill=Ranulf de Glanvill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gershom_Carmichael=Gershom Carmichael
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Spedding=James Spedding
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_Baring,_1st_Baron_Ashburton=Alexander Baring, 1st Baron Ashburton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Edward_Norris=William Edward Norris
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frederick_Winslow_Taylor=Frederick Winslow Taylor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sauryavong_Savang=Sauryavong Savang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shari_Lewis=Shari Lewis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jim_Whittaker=Jim Whittaker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ang_Rita=Ang Rita
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Casey_(bishop)=William Casey (bishop)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_J._Casey=William J. Casey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aimee_Semple_McPherson=Aimee Semple McPherson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Masuccio_Salernitano=Masuccio Salernitano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Li_Gong=Li Gong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Franz_Xaver_Messerschmidt=Franz Xaver Messerschmidt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mabel_Strickland=Mabel Strickland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rhoda_Broughton=Rhoda Broughton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johan_Oxenstierna=Johan Oxenstierna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bengt_Gabrielsson_Oxenstierna=Bengt Gabrielsson Oxenstierna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Price=Richard Price
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heinrich_Christian_Schumacher=Heinrich Christian Schumacher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Franz_Encke=Johann Franz Encke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Mackintosh=James Mackintosh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eric_Brown_(writer)=Eric Brown (writer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Stanley_(Elizabethan)=William Stanley (Elizabethan)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ann_Coulter=Ann Coulter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Persons=Robert Persons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stephen_R._Bourne=Stephen R. Bourne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Borrow=George Borrow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elmer_Diktonius=Elmer Diktonius
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Manley=Michael Manley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anders_Torstenson=Anders Torstenson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eino_Leino=Eino Leino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steven_Barnes=Steven Barnes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_B._Ellern=William B. Ellern
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spider_Robinson=Spider Robinson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dick_Powell=Dick Powell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daniel_Waldo=Daniel Waldo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oscar_Micheaux=Oscar Micheaux
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Calouste_Gulbenkian=Calouste Gulbenkian
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Olof_Rudbeck_the_Younger=Olof Rudbeck the Younger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laurence_Manning=Laurence Manning
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Milman_Parry=Milman Parry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/June_Allyson=June Allyson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ptolemy_XII_Auletes=Ptolemy XII Auletes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_N._Scortia=Thomas N. Scortia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Rand=Paul Rand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patrick_Tilley=Patrick Tilley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miles_Lampson=Miles Lampson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Walker_(painter)=John Walker (painter)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Souvanna_Phomma=Souvanna Phomma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arun_Shourie=Arun Shourie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theodahad=Theodahad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pharnabazus_II=Pharnabazus II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Scott_(novelist)=Michael Scott (novelist)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Veitch_(poet)=John Veitch (poet)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_Campbell_Fraser=Alexander Campbell Fraser
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_George_Ritchie=David George Ritchie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eric_P._Kelly=Eric P. Kelly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Longueville_Mansel=Henry Longueville Mansel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Wilson_(Scottish_writer)=John Wilson (Scottish writer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Blackwood=William Blackwood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sven_Hassel=Sven Hassel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Gibson_Lockhart=John Gibson Lockhart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Archibald_Constable=Archibald Constable
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Burgon=John Burgon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Donald_Moffitt=Donald Moffitt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fenton_Hort=Fenton Hort
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hugh_Andrew_Johnstone_Munro=Hugh Andrew Johnstone Munro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_William_King=Charles William King
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Eyton_Bickersteth_Mayor=John Eyton Bickersteth Mayor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benjamin_Hall_Kennedy=Benjamin Hall Kennedy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Adams_(sailor)=William Adams (sailor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anthony_Ashley-Cooper,_7th_Earl_of_Shaftesbury=Anthony Ashley-Cooper, 7th Earl of Shaftesbury
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Catherine_of_Braganza=Catherine of Braganza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brooke_Westcott=Brooke Westcott
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liane_Haid=Liane Haid
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frederick_Denison_Maurice=Frederick Denison Maurice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leigh_Hunt=Leigh Hunt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Blackwood_(publisher)=John Blackwood (publisher)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sabrina_(actress)=Sabrina (actress)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_O._Abell=George O. Abell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oswald_von_Nell-Breuning=Oswald von Nell-Breuning
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rosa_Albach-Retty=Rosa Albach-Retty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brett_J._Gladman=Brett J. Gladman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Haji_Gilani=Haji Gilani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Declan_McGonagle=Declan McGonagle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Juma_Khan=Juma Khan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Schwerner=Michael Schwerner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Piper_Laurie=Piper Laurie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Geraldine_Page=Geraldine Page
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karl-Birger_Blomdahl=Karl-Birger Blomdahl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colin_Farrell=Colin Farrell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anne_Bancroft=Anne Bancroft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anna_Freud=Anna Freud
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Youssef_Chahine=Youssef Chahine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johan_Vilhelm_Snellman=Johan Vilhelm Snellman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Blanco_White=Joseph Blanco White
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sandy_Wilson=Sandy Wilson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Mulock=William Mulock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elizabeth_Smart=Elizabeth Smart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arte_Johnson=Arte Johnson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laban_Ainsworth=Laban Ainsworth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nikolai_Kibalchich=Nikolai Kibalchich
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Bloom=David Bloom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ludwig_Leichhardt=Ludwig Leichhardt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dion_Fortune=Dion Fortune
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Larry_Campbell=Larry Campbell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fanny_Cradock=Fanny Cradock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mills_Lane=Mills Lane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Morton-Finney=John Morton-Finney
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marcel_Mule=Marcel Mule
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dolly_Shepherd=Dolly Shepherd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Addison=Thomas Addison
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lou_Zocchi=Lou Zocchi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aneirin=Aneirin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Cowden_Clarke=Charles Cowden Clarke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bryan_Procter=Bryan Procter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benjamin_Haydon=Benjamin Haydon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gallagher_(comedian)=Gallagher (comedian)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Whately=Richard Whately
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cornelius_Cole=Cornelius Cole
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cornell_Woolrich=Cornell Woolrich
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Willie_Doherty=Willie Doherty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mirabeau_B._Lamar=Mirabeau B. Lamar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yvonne_Loriod=Yvonne Loriod
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daniel_Barenboim=Daniel Barenboim
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Freddie_Jones=Freddie Jones
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Charles_Wilson=Robert Charles Wilson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Metcalf_(writer)=John Metcalf (writer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scott_Nearing=Scott Nearing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dannie_Abse=Dannie Abse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heracles_of_Macedon=Heracles of Macedon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Kaspar_Lavater=Johann Kaspar Lavater
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matthew_Hopkins=Matthew Hopkins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Bronson=Charles Bronson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Harrison_Ainsworth=William Harrison Ainsworth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vatche_Arslanian=Vatche Arslanian
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ronald_Ferguson=Ronald Ferguson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Margaret_Douglas=Margaret Douglas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barry_Nicholas=Barry Nicholas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dankmar_Adler=Dankmar Adler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Cosmo_Monkhouse=William Cosmo Monkhouse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marie_Laveau=Marie Laveau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_David_Wyss=Johann David Wyss
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barry_Bostwick=Barry Bostwick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Priscilla_Presley=Priscilla Presley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/P._B._S._Pinchback=P. B. S. Pinchback
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Balanchine=George Balanchine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stella_Rimington=Stella Rimington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jess_Lidyard=Jess Lidyard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ferdinando_Fairfax,_2nd_Lord_Fairfax_of_Cameron=Ferdinando Fairfax, 2nd Lord Fairfax of Cameron
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Shaw_(editor)=Joseph Shaw (editor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seabury_Quinn=Seabury Quinn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gaylord_Nelson=Gaylord Nelson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ian_Watt=Ian Watt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christopher_Hornsrud=Christopher Hornsrud
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ahmed_Hassan_al-Bakr=Ahmed Hassan al-Bakr
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Strang=William Strang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lancelot_Dent=Lancelot Dent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alphonse_Legros=Alphonse Legros
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_Charles_Cazin=Jean Charles Cazin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nonius_Marcellus=Nonius Marcellus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Nettleship=Henry Nettleship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karl_Lachmann=Karl Lachmann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friedrich_Heinrich_von_der_Hagen=Friedrich Heinrich von der Hagen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walther_von_der_Vogelweide=Walther von der Vogelweide
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mary_Anne_Clarke=Mary Anne Clarke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Franz_Pfeiffer=Franz Pfeiffer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moritz_Haupt=Moritz Haupt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charlotte_of_Mecklenburg-Strelitz=Charlotte of Mecklenburg-Strelitz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Otto_Jahn=Otto Jahn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friedrich_Wilhelm_Eduard_Gerhard=Friedrich Wilhelm Eduard Gerhard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scott_Turow=Scott Turow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rhodri_Morgan=Rhodri Morgan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Atkins_(nutritionist)=Robert Atkins (nutritionist)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Su_Buqing=Su Buqing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albert_P._Crary=Albert P. Crary
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_N._Heiskell=John N. Heiskell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elizabeth_Macleod=Elizabeth Macleod
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Margaret_Matson=Margaret Matson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kong_Le=Kong Le
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Sibley=Charles Sibley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ouane_Rattikone=Ouane Rattikone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kouprasith_Abhay=Kouprasith Abhay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thao_Ma=Thao Ma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Soulivong_Savang=Soulivong Savang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pedro_Sevcec=Pedro Sevcec
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean-Baptiste_Cavaignac=Jean-Baptiste Cavaignac
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean-de-Dieu_Soult=Jean-de-Dieu Soult
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Donald_Tovey=Donald Tovey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philipp_von_Ferrary=Philipp von Ferrary
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seymour_Lubetzky=Seymour Lubetzky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Beeching,_Baron_Beeching=Richard Beeching, Baron Beeching
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mick_Aston=Mick Aston
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Kelley=Edward Kelley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Valentin_Tomberg=Valentin Tomberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Nickerson=Thomas Nickerson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edmund_Gettier=Edmund Gettier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Willem_Mengelberg=Willem Mengelberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Prynne=William Prynne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_F._Albright=William F. Albright
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rachel_Roberts_(actress)=Rachel Roberts (actress)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patricia_Neal=Patricia Neal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orfeo_Bartolini=Orfeo Bartolini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kim_Stanley=Kim Stanley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Teri_Hatcher=Teri Hatcher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_E._Simon=William E. Simon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jane_Asher=Jane Asher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karel_Reisz=Karel Reisz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Waleed_al-Shehri=Waleed al-Shehri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lee_Shelton=Lee Shelton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ruud_de_Wild=Ruud de Wild
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joe_Hill=Joe Hill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dorothy_Dickson=Dorothy Dickson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ian_Malone=Ian Malone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barry_Cunliffe=Barry Cunliffe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_H._Goddard=Robert H. Goddard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Norris_(businessman)=Henry Norris (businessman)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Spencer,_5th_Earl_Spencer=John Spencer, 5th Earl Spencer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spede_Pasanen=Spede Pasanen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tonio_Selwart=Tonio Selwart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isaac_in_Islam=Isaac in Islam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Takashi_Miike=Takashi Miike
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edie_Falco=Edie Falco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Lester=Richard Lester
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ronald_Paulson=Ronald Paulson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kalevi_Sorsa=Kalevi Sorsa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Melville_Henry_Cane=Melville Henry Cane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sarah_Louise_Delany=Sarah Louise Delany
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heinrich_Schenker=Heinrich Schenker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicolas_Ruwet=Nicolas Ruwet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Derek_Nimmo=Derek Nimmo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilfred_Burchett=Wilfred Burchett
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nathaniel_Smith=Nathaniel Smith
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Muhammad_Zaidan=Muhammad Zaidan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Larry_Clark=Larry Clark
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Klaus_Kinski=Klaus Kinski
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gordon_Bunshaft=Gordon Bunshaft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_Charest=Jean Charest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Casey_Kasem=Casey Kasem
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ahmed_Chalabi=Ahmed Chalabi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Randy_Scheunemann=Randy Scheunemann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Lugar=Richard Lugar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Run_Run_Shaw=Run Run Shaw
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Pride=Thomas Pride
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stewart_Lee=Stewart Lee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kamal_Jumblatt=Kamal Jumblatt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/W._C._Fields=W. C. Fields
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Warren_Buffett=Warren Buffett
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfred_Bryan=Alfred Bryan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lovebug_Starski=Lovebug Starski
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gail_Russell=Gail Russell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vincent_Novello=Vincent Novello
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Nichol_(biographer)=John Nichol (biographer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Lewis_Nettleship=Richard Lewis Nettleship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joan_of_Acre=Joan of Acre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amenemhat_III=Amenemhat III
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Morey_Amsterdam=Morey Amsterdam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elizabeth_Dole=Elizabeth Dole
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dilys_Powell=Dilys Powell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack_Longland=Jack Longland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack_Lovelock=Jack Lovelock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/C._H._B._Kitchin=C. H. B. Kitchin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leon_Klinghoffer=Leon Klinghoffer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eddie_Money=Eddie Money
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Paul_Getty,_Jr.=John Paul Getty, Jr.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Denis_Norden=Denis Norden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dario_Argento=Dario Argento
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Margaret_de_Clare=Margaret de Clare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patricia_Reilly_Giff=Patricia Reilly Giff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Mayer=John Mayer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bernd_Behr=Bernd Behr
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alan_Currall=Alan Currall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rosalind_Nashashibi=Rosalind Nashashibi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nick_Crowe_(artist)=Nick Crowe (artist)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lucy_Skaer=Lucy Skaer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_Pendergast=Tom Pendergast
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luigi_Boccherini=Luigi Boccherini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Avidan=David Avidan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sean_O'Grady_(boxer)=Sean O'Grady (boxer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mohammed_Qalamuddin=Mohammed Qalamuddin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joel_Fuhrman=Joel Fuhrman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierre_Leroux=Pierre Leroux
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amand_Bazard=Amand Bazard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marie_Roch_Louis_Reybaud=Marie Roch Louis Reybaud
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christian_Lassen=Christian Lassen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hugh_James_Rose=Hugh James Rose
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_McIntyre_(poet)=James McIntyre (poet)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Harrison_Rigg=James Harrison Rigg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goldwin_Smith=Goldwin Smith
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Julius_Hare=Julius Hare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steve_Nallon=Steve Nallon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Hampden=John Hampden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Derren_Brown=Derren Brown
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Vaughan_(priest)=Charles Vaughan (priest)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Conybeare_(author)=William Conybeare (author)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amanda_Bearse=Amanda Bearse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Howson_(priest)=John Howson (priest)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Mitchell_Ramsay=William Mitchell Ramsay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Renn_Hampden=Renn Hampden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Liddon=Henry Liddon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bobby_Hutton=Bobby Hutton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Katey_Sagal=Katey Sagal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Alpert_(artist)=Richard Alpert (artist)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ram_Dass=Ram Dass
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Immanuel_Velikovsky=Immanuel Velikovsky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ricky_Schroder=Ricky Schroder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Hubert_Reinkens=Joseph Hubert Reinkens
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christopher_Wordsworth=Christopher Wordsworth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Friedrich_(theologian)=Johann Friedrich (theologian)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Hope-Scott=James Hope-Scott
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Franz_Heinrich_Reusch=Franz Heinrich Reusch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Langen=Joseph Langen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Macaulay_Culkin=Macaulay Culkin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philip_Marheineke=Philip Marheineke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angelo_Mai=Angelo Mai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean-Baptiste_Henri_Lacordaire=Jean-Baptiste Henri Lacordaire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean-Baptiste_Drouet_(French_revolutionary)=Jean-Baptiste Drouet (French revolutionary)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrew_Card=Andrew Card
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philip_Skippon=Philip Skippon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_H._Sununu=John H. Sununu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joey_Skaggs=Joey Skaggs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Artie_Matthews=Artie Matthews
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laurence_Alma-Tadema=Laurence Alma-Tadema
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isaac_Casaubon=Isaac Casaubon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Rich,_2nd_Earl_of_Warwick=Robert Rich, 2nd Earl of Warwick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amory_Lovins=Amory Lovins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrew_George_Burry=Andrew George Burry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Ward_Studebaker=John Ward Studebaker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ben_Vereen=Ben Vereen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Simon_Le_Bon=Simon Le Bon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Murder_of_Laci_Peterson=Murder of Laci Peterson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jiminy_Cricket=Jiminy Cricket
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gary_Oldman=Gary Oldman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack_Hannah=Jack Hannah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jonathan_Zittrain=Jonathan Zittrain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tung_Chao_Yung=Tung Chao Yung
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eldon_C._Hall=Eldon C. Hall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heather_Mills=Heather Mills
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Willem_Dafoe=Willem Dafoe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gary_Fisher=Gary Fisher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Zemeckis=Robert Zemeckis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Holy_Child_of_La_Guardia=Holy Child of La Guardia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Blake_(actor)=Peter Blake (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Rivington=Charles Rivington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Nepomuk_Huber=Johann Nepomuk Huber
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mary_de_Bohun=Mary de Bohun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ellen_Terry=Ellen Terry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Edward_Forster=William Edward Forster
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tony_Leung_Chiu-Wai=Tony Leung Chiu-Wai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christian_Bohr=Christian Bohr
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alphonse_Picou=Alphonse Picou
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Cameron_(journalist)=James Cameron (journalist)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kathryn_Bigelow=Kathryn Bigelow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zapata_Espinoza=Zapata Espinoza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Azriel_Hildesheimer=Azriel Hildesheimer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mikhail_Speransky=Mikhail Speransky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicholas_Brendon=Nicholas Brendon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emma_Caulfield=Emma Caulfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Marsters=James Marsters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jay_Garner=Jay Garner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hale_Boggs=Hale Boggs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/August_Vollmer=August Vollmer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gary_LaFree=Gary LaFree
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quintus_Smyrnaeus=Quintus Smyrnaeus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frederick_Apthorp_Paley=Frederick Apthorp Paley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Dodsley=Robert Dodsley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Payne_Collier=John Payne Collier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Carew_Hazlitt=William Carew Hazlitt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Knight_(publisher)=Charles Knight (publisher)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mikhail_Kuzmin=Mikhail Kuzmin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_Chalmers=Alexander Chalmers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Winthrop_Mackworth_Praed=Winthrop Mackworth Praed
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anna_Brownell_Jameson=Anna Brownell Jameson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Boehm=Henry Boehm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean-Jacques_Lefranc,_Marquis_de_Pompignan=Jean-Jacques Lefranc, Marquis de Pompignan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leonardo_Vinci=Leonardo Vinci
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Salemi=Joseph Salemi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dink_Johnson=Dink Johnson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Nikolaus_Forkel=Johann Nikolaus Forkel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Burney=Charles Burney
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Filippino_Lippi=Filippino Lippi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leonardo_Leo=Leonardo Leo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giuseppe_Ottavio_Pitoni=Giuseppe Ottavio Pitoni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Villiers_Stanford=Charles Villiers Stanford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francesco_Durante=Francesco Durante
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Adolph_Hasse=Johann Adolph Hasse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arabella_Churchill_(royal_mistress)=Arabella Churchill (royal mistress)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francesco_Geminiani=Francesco Geminiani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bernardo_Pasquini=Bernardo Pasquini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giovanni_Battista_Martini=Giovanni Battista Martini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Francis_Hylan=John Francis Hylan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baby_M=Baby M
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patriarch_Nikon_of_Moscow=Patriarch Nikon of Moscow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacopo_Bellini=Jacopo Bellini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gentile_Bellini=Gentile Bellini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sir_James_Swinburne,_9th_Baronet=Sir James Swinburne, 9th Baronet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francesco_II_Gonzaga,_Marquess_of_Mantua=Francesco II Gonzaga, Marquess of Mantua
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Federico_II_Gonzaga,_Duke_of_Mantua=Federico II Gonzaga, Duke of Mantua
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ludovico_III_Gonzaga,_Marquis_of_Mantua=Ludovico III Gonzaga, Marquis of Mantua
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samantha_Eggar=Samantha Eggar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elizabeth_Hartman=Elizabeth Hartman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Federico_II_da_Montefeltro=Federico II da Montefeltro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francesco_Squarcione=Francesco Squarcione
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lynn_Redgrave=Lynn Redgrave
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Avvakum=Avvakum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joshua_Waitzkin=Joshua Waitzkin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Murder_of_James_Byrd,_Jr.=Murder of James Byrd, Jr.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Moorer=Michael Moorer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeanne_de_Salzmann=Jeanne de Salzmann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ethel_Smyth=Ethel Smyth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dennis_O'Keefe=Dennis O'Keefe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/J._P._Martin=J. P. Martin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Johnstone_(mayor)=John Johnstone (mayor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leo_Baxendale=Leo Baxendale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Moultrie_(poet)=John Moultrie (poet)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Moyer_Limbert=Paul Moyer Limbert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Katrina_Leung=Katrina Leung
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Hallam=Henry Hallam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roy_Henderson_(baritone)=Roy Henderson (baritone)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chief_Seattle=Chief Seattle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lizzie_Borden=Lizzie Borden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dorothy_Frooks=Dorothy Frooks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luca_della_Robbia=Luca della Robbia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cosimo_de'_Medici=Cosimo de' Medici
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ian_Paisley,_Jr.=Ian Paisley, Jr.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeanne_Mance=Jeanne Mance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Otto_Pollak=Otto Pollak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mike_Fink=Mike Fink
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Muhammad_al-Muqri=Muhammad al-Muqri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Garrett_(inventor)=George Garrett (inventor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Aldis_Wright=William Aldis Wright
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Wood_(historian)=Michael Wood (historian)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sampson_Salter_Blowers=Sampson Salter Blowers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_George_Clark=William George Clark
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Mayer_(philanthropist)=Robert Mayer (philanthropist)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Josef_Locke=Josef Locke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lynne_Cheney=Lynne Cheney
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Muir=John Muir
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Josephine_Hull=Josephine Hull
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Brook=Peter Brook
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Bennett=William Bennett
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antonin_Artaud=Antonin Artaud
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gnaeus_Cornelius_Scipio_Calvus=Gnaeus Cornelius Scipio Calvus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lucius_Cornelius_Scipio_Asiaticus=Lucius Cornelius Scipio Asiaticus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/P._D._Ouspensky=P. D. Ouspensky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_G._Bennett=John G. Bennett
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_de_Hartmann=Thomas de Hartmann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_A._Jackson=Michael A. Jackson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karin_Smith=Karin Smith
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abd_Al-Rahman_Al-Gillani=Abd Al-Rahman Al-Gillani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AMBER_Alert=AMBER Alert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abd_al-Muhsin_as-Sa'dun=Abd al-Muhsin as-Sa'dun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hiawatha=Hiawatha
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Law=David Law
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_H._Critchfield=James H. Critchfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Usher_(entertainer)=Usher (entertainer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jafar_al-Askari=Jafar al-Askari
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charlotte_Mew=Charlotte Mew
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maria_Coventry,_Countess_of_Coventry=Maria Coventry, Countess of Coventry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Piero_the_Unfortunate=Piero the Unfortunate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jan_Janssonius=Jan Janssonius
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giovanni_di_Bicci_de'_Medici=Giovanni di Bicci de' Medici
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Augustus_Holyoke=Edward Augustus Holyoke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Terence_Stamp=Terence Stamp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lil'_Kim=Lil' Kim
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Donald_J._Carty=Donald J. Carty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Hue=Robert Hue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alain_Madelin=Alain Madelin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isao_Takahata=Isao Takahata
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hi-Tek=Hi-Tek
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clay_S._Jenkinson=Clay S. Jenkinson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ishaq_Shahryar=Ishaq Shahryar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Weinberg_(psychologist)=George Weinberg (psychologist)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ronnie_Musgrove=Ronnie Musgrove
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tony_Conrad=Tony Conrad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bryher=Bryher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lady_Constance_Malleson=Lady Constance Malleson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miles_Malleson=Miles Malleson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jerry_Rubin=Jerry Rubin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jim_Wickwire=Jim Wickwire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Julius_Hoffman=Julius Hoffman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Llewelyn_Powys=Llewelyn Powys
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ray_Mabus=Ray Mabus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierre_S._du_Pont_IV=Pierre S. du Pont IV
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_DeLay=Tom DeLay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marsha_Blackburn=Marsha Blackburn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mark_Tilden=Mark Tilden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anita_Borg=Anita Borg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eva_Marie_Saint=Eva Marie Saint
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sylvia_Beach=Sylvia Beach
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Svetoslav_Roerich=Svetoslav Roerich
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicholas_Roerich=Nicholas Roerich
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gwanghaegun_of_Joseon=Gwanghaegun of Joseon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Hykes=David Hykes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Devika_Rani=Devika Rani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/C._Y._O'Connor=C. Y. O'Connor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lady_Bird_Johnson=Lady Bird Johnson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Risto_Orko=Risto Orko
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Magnentius=Magnentius
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hobey_Baker=Hobey Baker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mohammed_Hamza_Zubeidi=Mohammed Hamza Zubeidi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sabawi_Ibrahim_al-Tikriti=Sabawi Ibrahim al-Tikriti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Merrick=David Merrick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hikmat_Mizban_Ibrahim_al-Azzawi=Hikmat Mizban Ibrahim al-Azzawi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ewald_Christian_von_Kleist=Ewald Christian von Kleist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Wilhelm_Ludwig_Gleim=Johann Wilhelm Ludwig Gleim
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friedrich_Hoffmann=Friedrich Hoffmann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friedrich_Gottlieb_Klopstock=Friedrich Gottlieb Klopstock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colley_Cibber=Colley Cibber
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arthur_Cecil_Pigou=Arthur Cecil Pigou
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Draper=John Draper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tawfiq_al-Suwaidi=Tawfiq al-Suwaidi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Holt_(educator)=John Holt (educator)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Susannah_Maria_Cibber=Susannah Maria Cibber
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean-Paul_Mousseau=Jean-Paul Mousseau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anwar_ul-Haq_Ahady=Anwar ul-Haq Ahady
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ali_Ahmad_Jalali=Ali Ahmad Jalali
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Arnold=Thomas Arnold
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Domenico_Veneziano=Domenico Veneziano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrea_del_Castagno=Andrea del Castagno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leo_Ornstein=Leo Ornstein
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orcagna=Orcagna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Muryeong_of_Baekje=Muryeong of Baekje
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bea_Arthur=Bea Arthur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ted_Danson=Ted Danson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Demjanjuk=John Demjanjuk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Westphal=Paul Westphal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Binning_Monro=David Binning Monro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mick_Pointer=Mick Pointer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johannes_Rudbeckius=Johannes Rudbeckius
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfred_Brehm=Alfred Brehm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Juan_Eugenio_Hartzenbusch=Juan Eugenio Hartzenbusch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tirso_de_Molina=Tirso de Molina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pat_Hitchcock=Pat Hitchcock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alma_Reville=Alma Reville
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Owen=David Owen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Shirley=James Shirley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amos_T._Akerman=Amos T. Akerman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Holmes_(politician)=David Holmes (politician)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Said_Musa=Said Musa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Janusz_Korczak=Janusz Korczak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Psalmanazar=George Psalmanazar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abdul_Latif_Sharif=Abdul Latif Sharif
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heather_Mercer=Heather Mercer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Beveridge=William Beveridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Susannah_York=Susannah York
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ferdinand_IV,_King_of_the_Romans=Ferdinand IV, King of the Romans
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Taylor_(South_Carolina_governor)=John Taylor (South Carolina governor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Geena_Davis=Geena Davis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dyan_Cannon=Dyan Cannon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zebulon_Pike=Zebulon Pike
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Minnie_Driver=Minnie Driver
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nigel_Short=Nigel Short
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joan_Cusack=Joan Cusack
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edith_Evans=Edith Evans
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antoinette_Perry=Antoinette Perry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hiroyuki_Nishimura=Hiroyuki Nishimura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christina_Ricci=Christina Ricci
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ali_MacGraw=Ali MacGraw
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jane_Alexander=Jane Alexander
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carrie_Snodgress=Carrie Snodgress
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vincent_Gallo=Vincent Gallo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Stone=Peter Stone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mark_Pivarunas=Mark Pivarunas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aya_Kamikawa=Aya Kamikawa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daniel_Dolan=Daniel Dolan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Grey,_1st_Viscount_Grey_of_Fallodon=Edward Grey, 1st Viscount Grey of Fallodon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rob_Schneider=Rob Schneider
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rosemary_Brown_(politician)=Rosemary Brown (politician)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Bradford_(American_Revolutionary_printer)=William Bradford (American Revolutionary printer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Bradford_(Colonial_printer)=William Bradford (Colonial printer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Bradford_(Attorney_General)=William Bradford (Attorney General)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abram_M._Scott=Abram M. Scott
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Lynch_(judge)=Charles Lynch (judge)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Irving_Klaw=Irving Klaw
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Max_Nicholson=Edward Max Nicholson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Gottfried_Piefke=Johann Gottfried Piefke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gilles_Archambault=Gilles Archambault
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Melissa_Lefton=Melissa Lefton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jane_Powell=Jane Powell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guillaume_Delisle=Guillaume Delisle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gaius_Asinius_Quadratus=Gaius Asinius Quadratus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elizabeth_Arden=Elizabeth Arden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Moxon=Edward Moxon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samuel_Rogers=Samuel Rogers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_L._Sharkey=William L. Sharkey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roger_Vailland=Roger Vailland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrew_Bradford=Andrew Bradford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johns_Hopkins=Johns Hopkins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tsutomu_Shimomura=Tsutomu Shimomura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kadammanitta_Ramakrishnan=Kadammanitta Ramakrishnan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Salesbury=William Salesbury
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Morgan_(Bible_translator)=William Morgan (Bible translator)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Bingham,_7th_Earl_of_Lucan=John Bingham, 7th Earl of Lucan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anton_Stadler=Anton Stadler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gus_Van_Sant=Gus Van Sant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ralph_Bates=Ralph Bates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matthew_Henry=Matthew Henry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alan_Bullock=Alan Bullock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mark_Seibert=Mark Seibert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matthew_Pinsent=Matthew Pinsent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_L._Lewis=John L. Lewis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kate_Hudson=Kate Hudson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marisa_Tomei=Marisa Tomei
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marion_Davies=Marion Davies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joycelyn_Elders=Joycelyn Elders
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patriarch_Peter_VII_of_Alexandria=Patriarch Peter VII of Alexandria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ellery_Harding_Clark=Ellery Harding Clark
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edwin_Flack=Edwin Flack
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Marshall_Stone=John Marshall Stone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Axel_Lille=Axel Lille
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leonidas_Pyrgos=Leonidas Pyrgos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francesco_Colonna=Francesco Colonna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ned_Overend=Ned Overend
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rosemary_Brown_(spiritualist)=Rosemary Brown (spiritualist)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Takeshi_Kitano=Takeshi Kitano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Hayes_(harness_racer)=John Hayes (harness racer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Sheraton=Thomas Sheraton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Teia=Teia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ghanshyam_Das_Birla=Ghanshyam Das Birla
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martin_Bashir=Martin Bashir
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sabeer_Bhatia=Sabeer Bhatia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grinling_Gibbons=Grinling Gibbons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walter_Lantz=Walter Lantz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vivek_Paul=Vivek Paul
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harold_McNair=Harold McNair
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karl_Lueger=Karl Lueger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amber_Benson=Amber Benson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hester_Thrale=Hester Thrale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hecataeus_of_Miletus=Hecataeus of Miletus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luke_Perry=Luke Perry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lauri_Ingman=Lauri Ingman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aimo_Cajander=Aimo Cajander
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martti_Miettunen=Martti Miettunen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Mackenzie=Henry Mackenzie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Dundas,_1st_Viscount_Melville=Henry Dundas, 1st Viscount Melville
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Alfred_Stothard=Charles Alfred Stothard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Stothard=Thomas Stothard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tamsin_Dunwoody=Tamsin Dunwoody
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nuri_al-Said=Nuri al-Said
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francesco_Bartolozzi=Francesco Bartolozzi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luigi_Schiavonetti=Luigi Schiavonetti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Boydell=John Boydell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lucia_Elizabeth_Vestris=Lucia Elizabeth Vestris
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean-Henri_Gourgaud=Jean-Henri Gourgaud
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Phillips=Thomas Phillips
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Enguerrand_de_Monstrelet=Enguerrand de Monstrelet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karl_Wilhelm_Ramler=Karl Wilhelm Ramler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Auguste_Molinier=Auguste Molinier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friedrich_von_Hagedorn=Friedrich von Hagedorn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Joachim_Eschenburg=Johann Joachim Eschenburg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_James_Mathews=Charles James Mathews
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeane_Kirkpatrick=Jeane Kirkpatrick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Dundas,_2nd_Viscount_Melville=Robert Dundas, 2nd Viscount Melville
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xie_Jun=Xie Jun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charlotte_Corday=Charlotte Corday
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Dominicus_Fiorillo=Johann Dominicus Fiorillo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Nepomuk_Maelzel=Johann Nepomuk Maelzel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anton_Raphael_Mengs=Anton Raphael Mengs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giambologna=Giambologna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Etti_Plesch=Etti Plesch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ben_Bradshaw=Ben Bradshaw
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carlos_Guastavino=Carlos Guastavino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Helmut_Lachenmann=Helmut Lachenmann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johannes_Fritsch=Johannes Fritsch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Blackstone=William Blackstone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kurt_Russell=Kurt Russell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rashid_Ali_al-Gaylani=Rashid Ali al-Gaylani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Mathews=Charles Mathews
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_O'Connor_Terry=Edward O'Connor Terry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Farren=William Farren
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benjamin_Nottingham_Webster=Benjamin Nottingham Webster
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frederick_Hobson_Leslie=Frederick Hobson Leslie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Planquette=Robert Planquette
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frederick_North,_Lord_North=Frederick North, Lord North
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Kean=Charles Kean
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christian_Lous_Lange=Christian Lous Lange
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Colman_the_Elder=George Colman the Elder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Colman_the_Younger=George Colman the Younger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edmund_Kean=Edmund Kean
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Augusta,_Lady_Gregory=Augusta, Lady Gregory
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean-Georges_Noverre=Jean-Georges Noverre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lorenzo_Monaco=Lorenzo Monaco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Girolamo_Tiraboschi=Girolamo Tiraboschi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luca_Signorelli=Luca Signorelli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philip_Massinger=Philip Massinger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adolphus_William_Ward=Adolphus William Ward
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mark_Pryor=Mark Pryor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Blair_(poet)=Robert Blair (poet)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Austin_Dobson=Henry Austin Dobson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harvey_Fierstein=Harvey Fierstein
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isaac_Luria=Isaac Luria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Adeney=Richard Adeney
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Galway=James Galway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kevin_Kline=Kevin Kline
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Le_Mat=Paul Le Mat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lucius_Aemilius_Paullus_(consul_219_BC)=Lucius Aemilius Paullus (consul 219 BC)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_Scriabin=Alexander Scriabin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Cockburn_(politician)=James Cockburn (politician)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrea_Pisano=Andrea Pisano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nanni_di_Banco=Nanni di Banco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jason_Priestley=Jason Priestley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ian_Ziering=Ian Ziering
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Geronimo=Geronimo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deng_Yingchao=Deng Yingchao
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sydnam_Poyntz=Sydnam Poyntz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hermann_Theodor_Hettner=Hermann Theodor Hettner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cardinal_de_Rohan=Cardinal de Rohan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gui-Jean-Baptiste_Target=Gui-Jean-Baptiste Target
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Somervile=William Somervile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Bewick=Thomas Bewick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Armand_Marc,_comte_de_Montmorin=Armand Marc, comte de Montmorin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ian_Penman=Ian Penman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Gilpin=John Gilpin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arne_Rinnan=Arne Rinnan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sarah_Siddons=Sarah Siddons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thorvald_Stoltenberg=Thorvald Stoltenberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stewart_Home=Stewart Home
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrew_Greeley=Andrew Greeley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wendy_McElroy=Wendy McElroy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philip_J._Carroll=Philip J. Carroll
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marie_Juliette_Louvet=Marie Juliette Louvet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Hinckley,_Jr.=John Hinckley, Jr.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Forrestal=James Forrestal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kasinathuni_Viswanath=Kasinathuni Viswanath
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kamal_Haasan=Kamal Haasan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taha_al-Hashimi=Taha al-Hashimi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mani_Ratnam=Mani Ratnam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rob_Lowe=Rob Lowe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ta_Mok=Ta Mok
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Geoffrey_Perkins=Geoffrey Perkins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jim_Dunnigan=Jim Dunnigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Capel_Lofft=Capel Lofft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toru_Takemitsu=Toru Takemitsu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frederick_Wedmore=Frederick Wedmore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francis_Seymour_Haden=Francis Seymour Haden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pasquale_Paoli=Pasquale Paoli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dan_Georgakas=Dan Georgakas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deng_Nan=Deng Nan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mildred_Gillars=Mildred Gillars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silvan_Shalom=Silvan Shalom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_E._White=Thomas E. White
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilhelm_Schroeder=Wilhelm Schroeder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wall_Doxey=Wall Doxey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frances_Sheridan=Frances Sheridan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Allan_Cunningham_(author)=Allan Cunningham (author)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georges_Guillain=Georges Guillain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francis_Leggatt_Chantrey=Francis Leggatt Chantrey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Moffat_(author)=James Moffat (author)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Petard=Paul Petard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marcus_Daly=Marcus Daly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Kosler=Peter Kosler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sediq_Afghan=Sediq Afghan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Thomson=Charles Thomson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jim_Marrs=Jim Marrs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benny_Paret=Benny Paret
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jim_Jones=Jim Jones
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Danny_Rivera=Danny Rivera
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_W._Snow=John W. Snow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Cusack=John Cusack
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Akkineni_Nageswara_Rao=Akkineni Nageswara Rao
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ari_Behn=Ari Behn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abdul-Wahab_Mirjan=Abdul-Wahab Mirjan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caroline_Chariot-Dayez=Caroline Chariot-Dayez
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cassiodorus=Cassiodorus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Davenport_(inventor)=Thomas Davenport (inventor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jane_Wilde=Jane Wilde
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emily_Davenport=Emily Davenport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jerome_Richardson=Jerome Richardson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/King_C._Gillette=King C. Gillette
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Warren_A._Bechtel=Warren A. Bechtel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stephen_David_Bechtel,_Sr.=Stephen David Bechtel, Sr.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Hollingworth=Peter Hollingworth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Riley_P._Bechtel=Riley P. Bechtel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Janet_Suzman=Janet Suzman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dorothy_Gish=Dorothy Gish
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Holmgren=David Holmgren
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Minamoto_no_Yoshitomo=Minamoto no Yoshitomo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Boscawen=Edward Boscawen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amelia_Opie=Amelia Opie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jan-Erik_Enestam=Jan-Erik Enestam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philip_Gilbert_Hamerton=Philip Gilbert Hamerton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friedrich_Christoph_Oetinger=Friedrich Christoph Oetinger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emanuel_Swedenborg=Emanuel Swedenborg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_John_Garth_Wilkinson=James John Garth Wilkinson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hans_Pfitzner=Hans Pfitzner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Peters_Humphrey=John Peters Humphrey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Mason=George Mason
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yi_Sun-sin=Yi Sun-sin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Tenet=George Tenet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chris_Carter_(screenwriter)=Chris Carter (screenwriter)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Claire_Danes=Claire Danes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jamil_al-Midfai=Jamil al-Midfai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trevor_Nunn=Trevor Nunn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mark_Akenside=Mark Akenside
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eric_Schmidt=Eric Schmidt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sydney_Smith=Sydney Smith
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Masson=David Masson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abdul_Rahman_Al_Ghafiqi=Abdul Rahman Al Ghafiqi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Melchiore_Cesarotti=Melchiore Cesarotti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vincent_M._Battle=Vincent M. Battle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Macpherson=James Macpherson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Russell_B._Long=Russell B. Long
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_II_Canynges=William II Canynges
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_C._Blum=Richard C. Blum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albertina_Sisulu=Albertina Sisulu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steve_Jones_(runner)=Steve Jones (runner)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Govan_Mbeki=Govan Mbeki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Julia_Ward_Howe=Julia Ward Howe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samuel_Gridley_Howe=Samuel Gridley Howe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barbara_Buczek=Barbara Buczek
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arthur_Young_(agriculturist)=Arthur Young (agriculturist)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elijah_Craig=Elijah Craig
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anna_Jarvis=Anna Jarvis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jim_Bridger=Jim Bridger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Wanamaker=John Wanamaker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Possum_Bourne=Possum Bourne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cyrus_Teed=Cyrus Teed
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jock_Purdon=Jock Purdon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madison_Smartt_Bell=Madison Smartt Bell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walker_Evans=Walker Evans
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samuel_Prout=Samuel Prout
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abraham_Raimbach=Abraham Raimbach
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Allan_(painter)=David Allan (painter)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Wilkie_(artist)=David Wilkie (artist)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Fergusson=Robert Fergusson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_Runciman=Alexander Runciman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shirley_Allen=Shirley Allen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Count_of_St._Germain=Count of St. Germain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hannah_Snell=Hannah Snell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hannah_Szenes=Hannah Szenes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frank_Abagnale=Frank Abagnale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ross_J._Connelly=Ross J. Connelly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rosana_Franco=Rosana Franco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marsha_Mason=Marsha Mason
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cicely_Tyson=Cicely Tyson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jennie_Garth=Jennie Garth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diahann_Carroll=Diahann Carroll
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Valerie_Perrine=Valerie Perrine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gabrielle_Carteris=Gabrielle Carteris
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brian_Austin_Green=Brian Austin Green
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mino_da_Fiesole=Mino da Fiesole
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louise_Fletcher=Louise Fletcher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lee_Iacocca=Lee Iacocca
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Piero_di_Cosimo=Piero di Cosimo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gena_Rowlands=Gena Rowlands
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ann-Margret=Ann-Margret
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marie-Christine_Barrault=Marie-Christine Barrault
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Talia_Shire=Talia Shire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carol_Channing=Carol Channing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jill_Clayburgh=Jill Clayburgh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harry_Kendall_Thaw=Harry Kendall Thaw
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Evelyn_Nesbit=Evelyn Nesbit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sri_Chinmoy=Sri Chinmoy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phil_Harding_(archaeologist)=Phil Harding (archaeologist)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Launceston_Elliot=Launceston Elliot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dorothy_Lamour=Dorothy Lamour
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sam_Wanamaker=Sam Wanamaker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Grodin=Charles Grodin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hugh_Blair=Hugh Blair
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Ferguson_(minister)=Robert Ferguson (minister)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peg_Woffington=Peg Woffington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Augustin_Daly=Augustin Daly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Forbes_(New_Zealand_politician)=George Forbes (New Zealand politician)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ann_Gilbert=Ann Gilbert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Brougham=John Brougham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Evans_Burton=William Evans Burton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_William_Wallack=James William Wallack
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francis_James_Child=Francis James Child
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Lester_Wallack=John Lester Wallack
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dufferin_Roblin=Dufferin Roblin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Velvalee_Dickinson=Velvalee Dickinson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barbara_Schurz=Barbara Schurz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Conrad_Black=Conrad Black
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laurence_J._Peter=Laurence J. Peter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nora_Ephron=Nora Ephron
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guido_van_Rossum=Guido van Rossum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benjamin_Day_(publisher)=Benjamin Day (publisher)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rene_Russo=Rene Russo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ray_Harryhausen=Ray Harryhausen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chucho_Castillo=Chucho Castillo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/G._M._Trevelyan=G. M. Trevelyan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sid_Davis=Sid Davis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ramoji_Rao=Ramoji Rao
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Marlyn=John Marlyn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vinod_Khosla=Vinod Khosla
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Kingsford_Smith=Charles Kingsford Smith
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Minamoto_no_Yoshitsune=Minamoto no Yoshitsune
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Gush=George Gush
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carenza_Lewis=Carenza Lewis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Willy_Messerschmitt=Willy Messerschmitt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pedro_Nunes=Pedro Nunes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Thornton=William Thornton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oda_Nobuyuki=Oda Nobuyuki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_B._Dickey=Robert B. Dickey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nikolaus_Otto=Nikolaus Otto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Reade=Charles Reade
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samuel_Plimsoll=Samuel Plimsoll
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Vernon_Harcourt_(scientist)=William Vernon Harcourt (scientist)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_William_Curtis=George William Curtis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moncure_D._Conway=Moncure D. Conway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Lothrop_Motley=John Lothrop Motley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Eliot_Norton=Charles Eliot Norton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friedrich_Christoph_Dahlmann=Friedrich Christoph Dahlmann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Billings=William Billings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Col_Needham=Col Needham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Larry_Lujack=Larry Lujack
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Schuman=William Schuman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georges_Lacombe_(painter)=Georges Lacombe (painter)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Petter_Solberg=Petter Solberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arthur_Seyss-Inquart=Arthur Seyss-Inquart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hilary_Armstrong,_Baroness_Armstrong_of_Hill_Top=Hilary Armstrong, Baroness Armstrong of Hill Top
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Olivia_Hussey=Olivia Hussey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anne_Sullivan=Anne Sullivan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arnold_Zweig=Arnold Zweig
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Mintzberg=Henry Mintzberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prince_Sadruddin_Aga_Khan=Prince Sadruddin Aga Khan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joachim_Neander=Joachim Neander
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack_Welch=Jack Welch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Milan_Vukcevich=Milan Vukcevich
http://dbpedia.org/resource/L._Welch_Pogue=L. Welch Pogue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Stack=Robert Stack
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Venables-Vernon-Harcourt=Edward Venables-Vernon-Harcourt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Stanley_(director)=Richard Stanley (director)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luciano_Pavarotti=Luciano Pavarotti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gisela_of_Burgundy=Gisela of Burgundy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_II,_Duke_of_Bavaria=Henry II, Duke of Bavaria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gerard_Christopher=Gerard Christopher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cuthbert_Grant=Cuthbert Grant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Graham_Nelson=Graham Nelson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aulus_Cremutius_Cordus=Aulus Cremutius Cordus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Heerup=Henry Heerup
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wendell_Johnson=Wendell Johnson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paula_Radcliffe=Paula Radcliffe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Dawson=Richard Dawson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keith_Murdoch=Keith Murdoch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heinrich_von_Treitschke=Heinrich von Treitschke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sacheen_Littlefeather=Sacheen Littlefeather
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antoine_Arnauld=Antoine Arnauld
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierre_Nicole=Pierre Nicole
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maryam_Jinnah=Maryam Jinnah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ruud_Janssen=Ruud Janssen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Brown_(philosopher)=Thomas Brown (philosopher)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rolf_Schock=Rolf Schock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don_Garlits=Don Garlits
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Otto_Lindblad=Otto Lindblad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Herbert=George Herbert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gaston_Briart=Gaston Briart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ruth_Handler=Ruth Handler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ralph_Adams_Cram=Ralph Adams Cram
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Terry_Lloyd=Terry Lloyd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Margaret_Campbell,_Duchess_of_Argyll=Margaret Campbell, Duchess of Argyll
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Snagge=John Snagge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Vaughn=Robert Vaughn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Trimble=David Trimble
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Julius_Angerstein=John Julius Angerstein
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Stubbs=George Stubbs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Field_(composer)=John Field (composer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Thomas_Beckford=William Thomas Beckford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jessie_Matthews=Jessie Matthews
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abraham_Hayward=Abraham Hayward
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Arthur_Roebuck=John Arthur Roebuck
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Greville_(diarist)=Charles Greville (diarist)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicholas_Breton=Nicholas Breton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Geoffrey_Dearmer=Geoffrey Dearmer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Gascoigne=George Gascoigne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karl_Barth=Karl Barth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francis_Quarles=Francis Quarles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_Mackenzie_(explorer)=Alexander Mackenzie (explorer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Allain=William Allain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lyndon_LaRouche=Lyndon LaRouche
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicola_Stilo=Nicola Stilo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Douglas_Fairbanks,_Jr.=Douglas Fairbanks, Jr.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phan_Thi_Kim_Phuc=Phan Thi Kim Phuc
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oscar_Kiss_Maerth=Oscar Kiss Maerth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anselm_J._McLaurin=Anselm J. McLaurin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Larry_Burns=Larry Burns
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacqueline_Cochran=Jacqueline Cochran
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arte_Moreno=Arte Moreno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Hepworth_Thompson=William Hepworth Thompson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roy_Hudd=Roy Hudd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tallulah_Bankhead=Tallulah Bankhead
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Bowles=Paul Bowles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anne_Caldwell=Anne Caldwell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rensis_Likert=Rensis Likert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shozo_Shimamoto=Shozo Shimamoto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/August_Palm=August Palm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Rothe=Richard Rothe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matteo_Perez_d'Aleccio=Matteo Perez d'Aleccio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friedrich_Christoph_Schlosser=Friedrich Christoph Schlosser
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karl_Daub=Karl Daub
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Karl_Friedrich_Rosenkranz=Johann Karl Friedrich Rosenkranz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fritz_Houtermans=Fritz Houtermans
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Philipp_Gabler=Johann Philipp Gabler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Eduard_Erdmann=Johann Eduard Erdmann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karl_Ludwig_Michelet=Karl Ludwig Michelet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Neil_Sheehan=Neil Sheehan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heinrich_Julius_Holtzmann=Heinrich Julius Holtzmann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wolfgang_Hildesheimer=Wolfgang Hildesheimer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Mitford=William Mitford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Fynes_Clinton=Henry Fynes Clinton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rudolf_Ewald_Stier=Rudolf Ewald Stier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Romero=John Romero
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norman_McLaren=Norman McLaren
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sepp_Kerschbaumer=Sepp Kerschbaumer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carrie_Nation=Carrie Nation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Cooperrider=David Cooperrider
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fredrik_Pacius=Fredrik Pacius
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_W._McCord,_Jr.=James W. McCord, Jr.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tanya_Streeter=Tanya Streeter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_K._Merton=Robert K. Merton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elaine_Shaffer=Elaine Shaffer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alec_Issigonis=Alec Issigonis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arthur_Q._Bryan=Arthur Q. Bryan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Janet_Leigh=Janet Leigh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Helen_Mirren=Helen Mirren
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Young=Edward Young
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hartmann_von_Aue=Hartmann von Aue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Shaw_(naval_officer)=John Shaw (naval officer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Lowry_(governor)=Robert Lowry (governor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joe_Baugher=Joe Baugher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Natacha_Rambova=Natacha Rambova
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kristin_Krohn_Devold=Kristin Krohn Devold
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vincent_D'Onofrio=Vincent D'Onofrio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gerard_of_Cremona=Gerard of Cremona
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wat_Tyler=Wat Tyler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ray_Harroun=Ray Harroun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benjamin_Jowett=Benjamin Jowett
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lewis_Campbell_(classicist)=Lewis Campbell (classicist)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Grahame=James Grahame
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matthew_Davenport_Hill=Matthew Davenport Hill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Allingham=William Allingham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Isaac_Elton=Charles Isaac Elton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Irena_Grafenauer=Irena Grafenauer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicias=Nicias
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leo_Wright=Leo Wright
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Augustus_Freeman=Edward Augustus Freeman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cleon=Cleon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brasidas=Brasidas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joel_Teitelbaum=Joel Teitelbaum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Edward_Brown=Thomas Edward Brown
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Leyden=John Leyden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alphonse_Briart=Alphonse Briart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abraham_ibn_Daud=Abraham ibn Daud
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marmaduke_Langdale,_1st_Baron_Langdale_of_Holme=Marmaduke Langdale, 1st Baron Langdale of Holme
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_William_Sterling=John William Sterling
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aspasia=Aspasia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Leybourne=George Leybourne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Bennett_(flautist)=William Bennett (flautist)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter-Lukas_Graf=Peter-Lukas Graf
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mani_Shankar=Mani Shankar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guy_Lombardo=Guy Lombardo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giacomo_Casanova=Giacomo Casanova
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tenzing_Norgay=Tenzing Norgay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Maurer=John Maurer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rajesh_Hukku=Rajesh Hukku
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fran_Brill=Fran Brill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_of_Blois=Peter of Blois
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Robbins_(author)=John Robbins (author)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giovanni_Michelotti=Giovanni Michelotti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alice_Perrers=Alice Perrers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Brougham,_1st_Baron_Brougham_and_Vaux=Henry Brougham, 1st Baron Brougham and Vaux
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jabez_Lamar_Monroe_Curry=Jabez Lamar Monroe Curry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dimitrios_Gounaris=Dimitrios Gounaris
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jane_Boleyn,_Viscountess_Rochford=Jane Boleyn, Viscountess Rochford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giuseppe_Tomasi_di_Lampedusa=Giuseppe Tomasi di Lampedusa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Salome=Salome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sid_Gilman=Sid Gilman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shekhar_Kapur=Shekhar Kapur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sidney_Lee=Sidney Lee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alex_Comfort=Alex Comfort
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Imogen_Cunningham=Imogen Cunningham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chris_Foss=Chris Foss
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Stockton_(U.S._Senator)=Richard Stockton (U.S. Senator)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Stockton_(Continental_Congressman)=Richard Stockton (Continental Congressman)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rick_Cook=Rick Cook
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Darl_McBride=Darl McBride
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nematullah_Shahrani=Nematullah Shahrani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mickey_Harte=Mickey Harte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Anderson_(editor_and_biographer)=Robert Anderson (editor and biographer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tony_Bennett=Tony Bennett
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Heber=Richard Heber
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Fechter=Charles Fechter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pigmeat_Markham=Pigmeat Markham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Autran=Joseph Autran
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Keith_(missionary)=George Keith (missionary)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zephaniah_Williams=Zephaniah Williams
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Cross=James Cross
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aram_Khachaturian=Aram Khachaturian
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luis_Ortiz_(Puerto_Rican_boxer)=Luis Ortiz (Puerto Rican boxer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/April_Glaspie=April Glaspie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liang_Fa=Liang Fa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Les_Wexner=Les Wexner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Lamb=Charles Lamb
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francis_Jeffrey,_Lord_Jeffrey=Francis Jeffrey, Lord Jeffrey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacques_Dubois=Jacques Dubois
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ho_Fuk_Yan=Ho Fuk Yan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Reeve_(journalist)=Henry Reeve (journalist)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Victor_Szebehely=Victor Szebehely
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Julius_von_Sachs=Julius von Sachs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Knox=Henry Knox
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Hart_Milman=Henry Hart Milman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Villard=Henry Villard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Claude_Lanzmann=Claude Lanzmann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Donna_Haraway=Donna Haraway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Krzysztof_Zanussi=Krzysztof Zanussi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Terry_Wogan=Terry Wogan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heinrich_Ignaz_Franz_Biber=Heinrich Ignaz Franz Biber
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sandra_Kim=Sandra Kim
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_Whedon=Tom Whedon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Piero_del_Pollaiolo=Piero del Pollaiolo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Desiderio_da_Settignano=Desiderio da Settignano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matthew_Perry=Matthew Perry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fernando_Carrillo=Fernando Carrillo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Debra_Monk=Debra Monk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Barrymore=Michael Barrymore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Bigelow=John Bigelow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Gridley=Richard Gridley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bartolomeo_Eustachi=Bartolomeo Eustachi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giovanni_Filippo_Ingrassia=Giovanni Filippo Ingrassia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_Fernel=Jean Fernel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Bronstein=David Bronstein
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Guldin=Paul Guldin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alf_Poier=Alf Poier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ernest_Manning=Ernest Manning
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arthur_Sifton=Arthur Sifton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karlheinz_Brandenburg=Karlheinz Brandenburg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anna_Santisteban=Anna Santisteban
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Cavendish,_2nd_Duke_of_Devonshire=William Cavendish, 2nd Duke of Devonshire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Julius_Caesar_Aranzi=Julius Caesar Aranzi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Cavendish,_3rd_Duke_of_Devonshire=William Cavendish, 3rd Duke of Devonshire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Cavendish,_6th_Duke_of_Devonshire=William Cavendish, 6th Duke of Devonshire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Cavendish,_7th_Duke_of_Devonshire=William Cavendish, 7th Duke of Devonshire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spencer_Cavendish,_8th_Duke_of_Devonshire=Spencer Cavendish, 8th Duke of Devonshire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mayra_Santos-Febres=Mayra Santos-Febres
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Victor_Cavendish,_9th_Duke_of_Devonshire=Victor Cavendish, 9th Duke of Devonshire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Cavendish,_10th_Duke_of_Devonshire=Edward Cavendish, 10th Duke of Devonshire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Howard,_2nd_Duke_of_Norfolk=Thomas Howard, 2nd Duke of Norfolk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Howard,_3rd_Duke_of_Norfolk=Thomas Howard, 3rd Duke of Norfolk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Howard,_4th_Duke_of_Norfolk=Thomas Howard, 4th Duke of Norfolk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Gottschalk=Thomas Gottschalk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Bandler=Richard Bandler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/C._Rajagopalachari=C. Rajagopalachari
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Valmiki=Valmiki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ashikaga_Yoshiteru=Ashikaga Yoshiteru
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Evert_Horn=Evert Horn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jesper_Mattson_Cruus_af_Edeby=Jesper Mattson Cruus af Edeby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_Gyllenhielm=Carl Gyllenhielm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Herman_Wrangel=Herman Wrangel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dodo_zu_Innhausen_und_Knyphausen=Dodo zu Innhausen und Knyphausen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lars_Kagg=Lars Kagg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Axel_Lillie=Axel Lillie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gustaf_Adolf_Lewenhaupt=Gustaf Adolf Lewenhaupt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ramon_Martinez_(fencing_instructor)=Ramon Martinez (fencing instructor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gustaf_Otto_Stenbock=Gustaf Otto Stenbock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caesius_Bassus=Caesius Bassus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maurice_Wilkins=Maurice Wilkins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Publius_Clodius_Thrasea_Paetus=Publius Clodius Thrasea Paetus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marcus_Valerius_Probus=Marcus Valerius Probus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philip_Stanhope_Worsley=Philip Stanhope Worsley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Conington=John Conington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Magnus_Hirschfeld=Magnus Hirschfeld
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Merivale=Charles Merivale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Chenevix_Trench=Richard Chenevix Trench
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karmen_Stavec=Karmen Stavec
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johan_August_Sandels=Johan August Sandels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Palladas=Palladas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lucius_Annaeus_Cornutus=Lucius Annaeus Cornutus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Salvian=Salvian
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oxana_Malaya=Oxana Malaya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Gunning=Peter Gunning
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eutyches=Eutyches
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Cleves_Symmes=John Cleves Symmes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chilperic_II=Chilperic II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sam_Mendes=Sam Mendes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mary_Bell=Mary Bell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Berkeley,_1st_Baron_Berkeley_of_Stratton=John Berkeley, 1st Baron Berkeley of Stratton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Frawley=David Frawley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Magali_Febles=Magali Febles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ashikaga_Yoshimasa=Ashikaga Yoshimasa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mikhail_Loris-Melikov=Mikhail Loris-Melikov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ashikaga_Yoshikatsu=Ashikaga Yoshikatsu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Max_Brod=Max Brod
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Bernardo=Paul Bernardo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fabian_von_Fersen=Fabian von Fersen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angela_Carrasco=Angela Carrasco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phaedrus_(fabulist)=Phaedrus (fabulist)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Babrius=Babrius
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Gunion_Rutherford=William Gunion Rutherford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maximus_Planudes=Maximus Planudes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierre_Henri_Larcher=Pierre Henri Larcher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean-Baptiste_Gail=Jean-Baptiste Gail
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_Neckam=Alexander Neckam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierre_Pithou=Pierre Pithou
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Wright_(antiquarian)=Thomas Wright (antiquarian)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christian_August_Crusius=Christian August Crusius
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hughie_Green=Hughie Green
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robinson_Ellis=Robinson Ellis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_de_Sorbon=Robert de Sorbon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gabriel_Byrne=Gabriel Byrne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fiona_Shaw=Fiona Shaw
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Claudia_Cardinale=Claudia Cardinale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jonny_Lee_Miller=Jonny Lee Miller
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anjelica_Huston=Anjelica Huston
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maureen_O'Hara=Maureen O'Hara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Keaton=Michael Keaton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Isaac_Guion=John Isaac Guion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_A._Quitman=John A. Quitman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elizabeth_Berkley=Elizabeth Berkley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Erwin_Chargaff=Erwin Chargaff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ju_Si-gyeong=Ju Si-gyeong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gustav_Metzger=Gustav Metzger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arthur_Furguson=Arthur Furguson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis_Say=Louis Say
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sylvia_Pankhurst=Sylvia Pankhurst
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johan_Sebastian_Welhaven=Johan Sebastian Welhaven
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Otto_Ribbeck=Otto Ribbeck
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arthur_Golding=Arthur Golding
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dimitri_Tiomkin=Dimitri Tiomkin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gaius_Julius_Solinus=Gaius Julius Solinus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jada_Pinkett_Smith=Jada Pinkett Smith
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charlotte_Turner_Smith=Charlotte Turner Smith
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pomponius_Mela=Pomponius Mela
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Friedrich_Gronovius=Johann Friedrich Gronovius
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raffaello_Fabretti=Raffaello Fabretti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Claudius_Salmasius=Claudius Salmasius
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philippe_de_Mornay=Philippe de Mornay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marcus_Terentius_Varro=Marcus Terentius Varro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aristides_Quintilianus=Aristides Quintilianus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marcus_Velleius_Paterculus=Marcus Velleius Paterculus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Farrah_Fawcett=Farrah Fawcett
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isabel_la_Negra=Isabel la Negra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_de_la_Pole,_1st_Duke_of_Suffolk=William de la Pole, 1st Duke of Suffolk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Guest=David Guest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Silver=George Silver
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martin_Behaim=Martin Behaim
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pekka_Halonen=Pekka Halonen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Swinburne_(Scottish_politician)=John Swinburne (Scottish politician)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tony_Robbins=Tony Robbins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Maclean_(Scottish_socialist)=John Maclean (Scottish socialist)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Axelrod=Robert Axelrod
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alex_Neil_(politician)=Alex Neil (politician)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eliza_Dushku=Eliza Dushku
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_O'Neill_(politician)=Paul O'Neill (politician)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ior_Bock=Ior Bock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quintus_Hortensius=Quintus Hortensius
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Titus_Labienus=Titus Labienus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/C._Thomas_Howell=C. Thomas Howell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quintus_Lutatius_Catulus=Quintus Lutatius Catulus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aulus_Gabinius=Aulus Gabinius
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Vicary=James Vicary
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ron_Kovic=Ron Kovic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacques_Tati=Jacques Tati
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jayson_Blair=Jayson Blair
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pamela_Sue_Martin=Pamela Sue Martin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mahavira=Mahavira
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kate_O'Mara=Kate O'Mara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack_Gilbert_Graham=Jack Gilbert Graham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Franklin_Rosemont=Franklin Rosemont
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Swinney=John Swinney
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steve_Meretzky=Steve Meretzky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Timocharis=Timocharis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Salam_Pax=Salam Pax
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guy_Green_(judge)=Guy Green (judge)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Go_Nagai=Go Nagai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crispus=Crispus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tim_Pawlenty=Tim Pawlenty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manuel_Andrack=Manuel Andrack
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emile_Berliner=Emile Berliner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adelina_Patti=Adelina Patti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gloria_Foster=Gloria Foster
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicola_Pisano=Nicola Pisano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giovanni_Pisano=Giovanni Pisano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Appius_Claudius_Caecus=Appius Claudius Caecus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pocahontas=Pocahontas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Megawati_Sukarnoputri=Megawati Sukarnoputri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Carville=James Carville
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Galen_Rowell=Galen Rowell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean-Charles_Chapais=Jean-Charles Chapais
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Brown_(Canadian_politician)=George Brown (Canadian politician)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis_Blanc=Louis Blanc
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carlo_Andrea_Pozzo_di_Borgo=Carlo Andrea Pozzo di Borgo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ron_Dittemore=Ron Dittemore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Alexander_Henry=William Alexander Henry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_Tilloch_Galt=Alexander Tilloch Galt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Douglas,_5th_Earl_of_Selkirk=Thomas Douglas, 5th Earl of Selkirk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Archie_Cochrane=Archie Cochrane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elijah_Impey=Elijah Impey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maharaja_Nandakumar=Maharaja Nandakumar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gilbert_Elliot-Murray-Kynynmound,_1st_Earl_of_Minto=Gilbert Elliot-Murray-Kynynmound, 1st Earl of Minto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Verres=Verres
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lucius_Calpurnius_Piso_Caesoninus_(consul_58_BC)=Lucius Calpurnius Piso Caesoninus (consul 58 BC)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baillie_Scott=Baillie Scott
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baltzar_von_Platen_(inventor)=Baltzar von Platen (inventor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harold_Stassen=Harold Stassen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eric_Rudolph=Eric Rudolph
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Alexander_Smith_(politician)=William Alexander Smith (politician)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chris_Langham=Chris Langham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pamela_Stephenson=Pamela Stephenson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_MacKay=Peter MacKay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leonard_Woolf=Leonard Woolf
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mauro_Nervi=Mauro Nervi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jorge_Camacho_(writer)=Jorge Camacho (writer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samuel_Musgrave=Samuel Musgrave
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jan_Gruter=Jan Gruter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Hutchinson_(writer)=John Hutchinson (writer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gaius_Valerius_Flaccus=Gaius Valerius Flaccus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfred_von_Reumont=Alfred von Reumont
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francesco_Domenico_Guerrazzi=Francesco Domenico Guerrazzi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giuseppe_Montanelli=Giuseppe Montanelli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Federico_Confalonieri=Federico Confalonieri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daniel_Auber=Daniel Auber
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giuseppe_Giusti=Giuseppe Giusti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kevin_Whately=Kevin Whately
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bill_Kerr=Bill Kerr
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Juanita_Parra=Juanita Parra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mario_Mutis=Mario Mutis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eduardo_Parra_Pizarro=Eduardo Parra Pizarro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Henry_Pope_(Canadian_politician)=William Henry Pope (Canadian politician)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_William_Ritchie=John William Ritchie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ambrose_Shea=Ambrose Shea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Montgomery_Flagg=James Montgomery Flagg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bartholomew_Roberts=Bartholomew Roberts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sadyattes=Sadyattes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Freddie_Frinton=Freddie Frinton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Bolt=George Bolt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yerrapragada=Yerrapragada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anton_LaVey=Anton LaVey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Praed=Michael Praed
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Judy_Davis=Judy Davis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anna_Anderson=Anna Anderson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Billy_Conn=Billy Conn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apolo_Ohno=Apolo Ohno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Geoffrey_de_Havilland=Geoffrey de Havilland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lucius_Appuleius_Saturninus=Lucius Appuleius Saturninus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Jones_(mathematician)=William Jones (mathematician)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Humphrey_Gilbert=Humphrey Gilbert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isaac_Watts=Isaac Watts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Boog_Leishman=William Boog Leishman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madge_Oberholtzer=Madge Oberholtzer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luisito_Vigoreaux=Luisito Vigoreaux
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_Thompson_(luthier)=Carl Thompson (luthier)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ignatius_L._Donnelly=Ignatius L. Donnelly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Chaum=David Chaum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_Ritter_von_Ghega=Carl Ritter von Ghega
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marcel_Camus=Marcel Camus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Stannard=Joseph Stannard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Suzi_Quatro=Suzi Quatro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfred_Hugenberg=Alfred Hugenberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jill_Goodacre=Jill Goodacre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trudi_Le_Caine=Trudi Le Caine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Max_Weber_(Swiss_politician)=Max Weber (Swiss politician)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albert_Meyer_(politician)=Albert Meyer (politician)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flavian_I_of_Antioch=Flavian I of Antioch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meletius_of_Antioch=Meletius of Antioch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flavian_II_of_Antioch=Flavian II of Antioch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diane_Ladd=Diane Ladd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pat_Kenny=Pat Kenny
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_O'Hara=Jean O'Hara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Menas_of_Constantinople=Menas of Constantinople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Scholasticus=John Scholasticus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marc_Warren=Marc Warren
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leo_Carrillo=Leo Carrillo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pope_John_XIX=Pope John XIX
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilhelm_Hertenstein=Wilhelm Hertenstein
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ludwig_Forrer=Ludwig Forrer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walter_Hauser=Walter Hauser
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anthimus_I_of_Constantinople=Anthimus I of Constantinople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacques_Toubon=Jacques Toubon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Birthe_Wilke=Birthe Wilke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Franco_Nero=Franco Nero
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ola_Larsmo=Ola Larsmo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ludovico_Sforza=Ludovico Sforza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Jakob_Scherer=Johann Jakob Scherer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jakob_Dubs=Jakob Dubs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rudolf_Minger=Rudolf Minger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maximilian_Sforza=Maximilian Sforza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karl_Scheurer=Karl Scheurer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grace_Chisholm_Young=Grace Chisholm Young
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stephen_Covey=Stephen Covey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Drucker=Peter Drucker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ulrich_Ochsenbein=Ulrich Ochsenbein
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_Bourgknecht=Jean Bourgknecht
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Deiss=Joseph Deiss
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spencer_Abraham=Spencer Abraham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gay_Byrne=Gay Byrne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Dearborn=Henry Dearborn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfred_Lee_Loomis=Alfred Lee Loomis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marcus_Minucius_Felix=Marcus Minucius Felix
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hubert_Ashton_Holden=Hubert Ashton Holden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Otto_Eckstein=Otto Eckstein
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arthur_Goldberger=Arthur Goldberger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierre_de_La_Broce=Pierre de La Broce
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anthony_Michael_Hall=Anthony Michael Hall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Hannah_(actor)=John Hannah (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sally_Field=Sally Field
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arthur_Hoffmann_(politician)=Arthur Hoffmann (politician)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ernst_Brenner=Ernst Brenner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emil_Frey=Emil Frey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean-Jacques_Challet-Venel=Jean-Jacques Challet-Venel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stefano_Franscini=Stefano Franscini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giovanni_Battista_Pioda=Giovanni Battista Pioda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henri_Druey=Henri Druey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Constant_Fornerod=Constant Fornerod
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Victor_Ruffy=Victor Ruffy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Numa_Droz=Numa Droz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adrien_Lachenal=Adrien Lachenal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Comtesse=Robert Comtesse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis_Perrier=Louis Perrier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Felix_Calonder=Felix Calonder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johannes_Baumann=Johannes Baumann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giuseppe_Lepori=Giuseppe Lepori
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trygve_Lie=Trygve Lie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Blake_(actor)=Robert Blake (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Willi_Ritschard=Willi Ritschard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Josef_Escher=Josef Escher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xiahou_Dun=Xiahou Dun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Josef_Anton_Schobinger=Josef Anton Schobinger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Josef_Zemp=Josef Zemp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guan_Yu=Guan Yu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Simeon_Bavier=Simeon Bavier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hermann_Obrecht=Hermann Obrecht
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Ware_Theiss=William Ware Theiss
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Netochka_Nezvanova_(author)=Netochka Nezvanova (author)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Wyon=William Wyon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shulamit_Ran=Shulamit Ran
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gunpei_Yokoi=Gunpei Yokoi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hans_Scholl=Hans Scholl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gang_Hong-rip=Gang Hong-rip
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kurt_Huber=Kurt Huber
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sophie_Scholl=Sophie Scholl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Billy_Kinsley=Billy Kinsley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mongkut=Mongkut
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gabriel_Parra=Gabriel Parra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jerry_Stiller=Jerry Stiller
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anne_Meara=Anne Meara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joachim_Heer=Joachim Heer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Josef_Munzinger=Josef Munzinger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elisabeth_Kopp=Elisabeth Kopp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rudolf_Friedrich=Rudolf Friedrich
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Camille_Decoppet=Camille Decoppet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis_Ruchonnet=Louis Ruchonnet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fridolin_Anderwert=Fridolin Anderwert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ernest_Chuard=Ernest Chuard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilhelm_Matthias_Naeff=Wilhelm Matthias Naeff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Linus_Roache=Linus Roache
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Valerie_Amos,_Baroness_Amos=Valerie Amos, Baroness Amos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edwin_Sandys_(died_1629)=Edwin Sandys (died 1629)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eric_Trist=Eric Trist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orrick_Glenday_Johns=Orrick Glenday Johns
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fred_Emery=Fred Emery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Avie_Tevanian=Avie Tevanian
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Im_Kwon-taek=Im Kwon-taek
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eddie_Cantor=Eddie Cantor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rosalynn_Carter=Rosalynn Carter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walter_Hallstein=Walter Hallstein
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don_Adams=Don Adams
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_M._Jones=Richard M. Jones
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Terry-Thomas=Terry-Thomas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henrich_Focke=Henrich Focke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stephen_Harper=Stephen Harper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Washington=William Washington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cao_Cao=Cao Cao
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tony_Miles=Tony Miles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Catherine_Millet=Catherine Millet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Erkki_Tuomioja=Erkki Tuomioja
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Grossmith=George Grossmith
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Weedon_Grossmith=Weedon Grossmith
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emma_Bunton=Emma Bunton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Franklin_Edson=Franklin Edson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sylvester_McCoy=Sylvester McCoy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_German=Edward German
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christian_Wolff_(composer)=Christian Wolff (composer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Plimpton=George Plimpton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nathaniel_P._Langford=Nathaniel P. Langford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philetus_Norris=Philetus Norris
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Williams_(Continental_Congress)=John Williams (Continental Congress)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Williams_(actor)=John Williams (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Williams_(missionary)=John Williams (missionary)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Henry_(Maryland)=John Henry (Maryland)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Kessel=Joseph Kessel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tony_Hart=Tony Hart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taja_Kramberger=Taja Kramberger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adolf_von_Harnack=Adolf von Harnack
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Josh_Taylor=Josh Taylor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hugo_Junkers=Hugo Junkers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emma,_Lady_Hamilton=Emma, Lady Hamilton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Publius_Quinctilius_Varus=Publius Quinctilius Varus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Weedon=George Weedon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/G._Waldo_Dunnington=G. Waldo Dunnington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Panama_Lewis=Panama Lewis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Dolben=John Dolben
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rebecca_Romijn=Rebecca Romijn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Fell_(bishop)=John Fell (bishop)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Hammond=Henry Hammond
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Allestree=Richard Allestree
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Gough_(antiquarian)=Richard Gough (antiquarian)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Henri_Mallet=Paul Henri Mallet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mikhail_Botvinnik=Mikhail Botvinnik
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albert_Pierrepoint=Albert Pierrepoint
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luke_McShane=Luke McShane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nigel_Planer=Nigel Planer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack_Straw_(rebel_leader)=Jack Straw (rebel leader)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Berenguer_Ramon_II,_Count_of_Barcelona=Berenguer Ramon II, Count of Barcelona
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ramon_Berenguer_III,_Count_of_Barcelona=Ramon Berenguer III, Count of Barcelona
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ramon_Berenguer_II,_Count_of_Barcelona=Ramon Berenguer II, Count of Barcelona
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ramon_Berenguer_I,_Count_of_Barcelona=Ramon Berenguer I, Count of Barcelona
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Debra_Winger=Debra Winger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ruth_Westheimer=Ruth Westheimer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/J._Clifford_Baxter=J. Clifford Baxter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roshan_Seth=Roshan Seth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amrish_Puri=Amrish Puri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abe_Holzmann=Abe Holzmann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philolaus=Philolaus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sergei_Duvanov=Sergei Duvanov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jim_Backus=Jim Backus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theda_Bara=Theda Bara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ray_Walston=Ray Walston
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Coyne_(politician)=John Coyne (politician)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Featherston=Joseph Featherston
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Sacheverell=William Sacheverell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angelo_Buono,_Jr.=Angelo Buono, Jr.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kenneth_Bianchi=Kenneth Bianchi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Coxe_(historian)=William Coxe (historian)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Treffle_Berthlaume=Treffle Berthlaume
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Corigliano=John Corigliano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis_A._Johnson=Louis A. Johnson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Fitzwilliam_Stairs=John Fitzwilliam Stairs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roy_Ridley=Roy Ridley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samuel_Roxy_Rothafel=Samuel Roxy Rothafel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lucius_Valerius_Potitus=Lucius Valerius Potitus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marcus_Valerius_Corvus=Marcus Valerius Corvus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lara_Flynn_Boyle=Lara Flynn Boyle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dale_Winton=Dale Winton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_F._Phillips=Henry F. Phillips
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trevor_Goddard=Trevor Goddard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bob_Woodward=Bob Woodward
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Donald_Regan=Donald Regan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Julianne_Moore=Julianne Moore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arthur_Pink=Arthur Pink
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Neil_Bush=Neil Bush
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fred_Gallagher_(cartoonist)=Fred Gallagher (cartoonist)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anthony_Woodville,_2nd_Earl_Rivers=Anthony Woodville, 2nd Earl Rivers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Menkaure=Menkaure
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mary_Whitehouse=Mary Whitehouse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bill_Peet=Bill Peet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_L._Johnson=Robert L. Johnson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Janez_Puhar=Janez Puhar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tory_Dent=Tory Dent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Speight=George Speight
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Publius_Sulpicius_Galba_Maximus=Publius Sulpicius Galba Maximus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Germain,_1st_Viscount_Sackville=George Germain, 1st Viscount Sackville
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacques_Nicolas_Billaud-Varenne=Jacques Nicolas Billaud-Varenne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Basehart=Richard Basehart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Publius_Sulpicius_Rufus=Publius Sulpicius Rufus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Juan_Trippe=Juan Trippe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_William_Waterhouse=John William Waterhouse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matsunaga_Hisahide=Matsunaga Hisahide
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Byron_De_La_Beckwith=Byron De La Beckwith
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mullapudi_Venkata_Ramana=Mullapudi Venkata Ramana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alan_Milburn=Alan Milburn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean-Baptiste_Berthelin=Jean-Baptiste Berthelin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Willy_Russell=Willy Russell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bob_Crow=Bob Crow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emanuel_Lasker=Emanuel Lasker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Brinkley=David Brinkley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kim_Criswell=Kim Criswell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phil_Williams_(politician)=Phil Williams (politician)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harry_Harrison_(radio)=Harry Harrison (radio)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yukio_Tsuda=Yukio Tsuda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joan_Blondell=Joan Blondell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sydney_Greenstreet=Sydney Greenstreet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sun_Ce=Sun Ce
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Geraint_Wyn_Davies=Geraint Wyn Davies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Montagu,_4th_Earl_of_Sandwich=John Montagu, 4th Earl of Sandwich
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yoshimichi_Hara=Yoshimichi Hara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mrs._Patrick_Campbell=Mrs. Patrick Campbell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pat_McDonald_(actress)=Pat McDonald (actress)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gong_Shengliang=Gong Shengliang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rafael_E._Martinez=Rafael E. Martinez
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Josh_Hartnett=Josh Hartnett
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Morgan_Webb=Morgan Webb
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Walker=Paul Walker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bettina_Welch=Bettina Welch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cao_Pi=Cao Pi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Huang_Gai=Huang Gai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ma_Chao=Ma Chao
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack_Brymer=Jack Brymer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Grey,_1st_Marquess_of_Dorset=Thomas Grey, 1st Marquess of Dorset
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Khafra=Khafra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Humphrey_Stafford,_1st_Duke_of_Buckingham=Humphrey Stafford, 1st Duke of Buckingham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Corrigan=Michael Corrigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_McCloskey=John McCloskey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Hughes_(archbishop_of_New_York)=John Hughes (archbishop of New York)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carrie-Anne_Moss=Carrie-Anne Moss
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean-Marie_Collot_d'Herbois=Jean-Marie Collot d'Herbois
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norman_Painting=Norman Painting
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moschus=Moschus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Franz_Heinrich_Ludolf_Ahrens=Franz Heinrich Ludolf Ahrens
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jane_Barbe=Jane Barbe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Reilly=Thomas Reilly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blackbear_Bosin=Blackbear Bosin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Maxwell_(actor)=James Maxwell (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Leslie_Stewart=Robert Leslie Stewart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harry_Allen_(executioner)=Harry Allen (executioner)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cao_Zhi=Cao Zhi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vasily_Smyslov=Vasily Smyslov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jasper_Maskelyne=Jasper Maskelyne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tell_Taylor=Tell Taylor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mrs._Elva_Miller=Mrs. Elva Miller
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don_Marquis=Don Marquis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carroll_O'Connor=Carroll O'Connor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tim_Healy_(actor)=Tim Healy (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Hawke,_1st_Baron_Hawke=Edward Hawke, 1st Baron Hawke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clara_Peller=Clara Peller
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Polly_Bergen=Polly Bergen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vincent_Cassel=Vincent Cassel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacques_Martin_(ice_hockey)=Jacques Martin (ice hockey)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kathleen_Winsor=Kathleen Winsor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_McCrae=John McCrae
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sally_Kirkland=Sally Kirkland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Casey_Jones=Casey Jones
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ian_Smith_(actor)=Ian Smith (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Inge=William Inge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Makoto_Yamaguchi=Makoto Yamaguchi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Josiah_Henson=Josiah Henson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mondino_de_Liuzzi=Mondino de Liuzzi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fourteen_Holy_Helpers=Fourteen Holy Helpers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elliott_Carter=Elliott Carter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wisse_Dekker=Wisse Dekker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frank_Carlucci=Frank Carlucci
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marcel_Petiot=Marcel Petiot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Terentilius=Terentilius
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ryan_Phillippe=Ryan Phillippe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raymond_Lambert=Raymond Lambert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Willi_Unsoeld=Willi Unsoeld
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hume_Cronyn=Hume Cronyn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canadian_Martyrs=Canadian Martyrs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_Nasmyth=Alexander Nasmyth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benedict_Jablonski=Benedict Jablonski
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lamoral,_Count_of_Egmont=Lamoral, Count of Egmont
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Klaus_Teuber=Klaus Teuber
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Catesby=William Catesby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johanna_Sinisalo=Johanna Sinisalo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jenny_Lind=Jenny Lind
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis_Daguerre=Louis Daguerre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Boleyn,_2nd_Viscount_Rochford=George Boleyn, 2nd Viscount Rochford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arthur_Dee=Arthur Dee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dash_Mihok=Dash Mihok
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dominic_Monaghan=Dominic Monaghan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Neville,_5th_Earl_of_Salisbury=Richard Neville, 5th Earl of Salisbury
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Keel=John Keel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lorenzo_Music=Lorenzo Music
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Neville,_1st_Marquess_of_Montagu=John Neville, 1st Marquess of Montagu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Percy,_1st_Earl_of_Worcester=Thomas Percy, 1st Earl of Worcester
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tommy_Lee_Jones=Tommy Lee Jones
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Menippus=Menippus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kazuo_Miyagawa=Kazuo Miyagawa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patricia_Routledge=Patricia Routledge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ralph_Hopton,_1st_Baron_Hopton=Ralph Hopton, 1st Baron Hopton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zhang_Liao=Zhang Liao
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christopher_Urswick=Christopher Urswick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Blount=James Blount
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_MacArthur=James MacArthur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Megumi_Hayashibara=Megumi Hayashibara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rosemary_Kennedy=Rosemary Kennedy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Corey_Haim=Corey Haim
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Beurling=George Beurling
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tagawa_Matsu=Tagawa Matsu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Duane_Chapman=Duane Chapman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sharman_Douglas=Sharman Douglas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reiner_Knizia=Reiner Knizia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Victor_Herbert=Victor Herbert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wang_Go=Wang Go
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Franklin_Rutherford=Joseph Franklin Rutherford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laura_Secord=Laura Secord
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Li_Hongzhang=Li Hongzhang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_Guay=Tom Guay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saoul_Mamby=Saoul Mamby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Beaufort,_3rd_Duke_of_Somerset=Henry Beaufort, 3rd Duke of Somerset
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Billy_Costello=Billy Costello
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kemmons_Wilson=Kemmons Wilson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_H._Schuller=Robert H. Schuller
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mary_Harris_Jones=Mary Harris Jones
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lu_Haodong=Lu Haodong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Duncan_Silkworth=William Duncan Silkworth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bob_Smith_(doctor)=Bob Smith (doctor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Zephaniah_Holwell=John Zephaniah Holwell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Amabile=George Amabile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Braine=John Braine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Arnason=David Arnason
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Beissel=Henry Beissel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Qu_You=Qu You
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Increase_A._Lapham=Increase A. Lapham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steve_Broidy=Steve Broidy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gina_Gershon=Gina Gershon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carol_Burnett=Carol Burnett
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Melanie_Chartoff=Melanie Chartoff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Neil_Bissoondath=Neil Bissoondath
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_M._Fleiss=Paul M. Fleiss
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laura_Sadler=Laura Sadler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_Rukavina=Tom Rukavina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frederick_James_Furnivall=Frederick James Furnivall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Derek_Bentley_case=Derek Bentley case
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leonard_Adleman=Leonard Adleman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keira_Knightley=Keira Knightley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mike_Disney=Mike Disney
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eric_XI_of_Sweden=Eric XI of Sweden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Adamski=George Adamski
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manuel_Lisa=Manuel Lisa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clark_Blaise=Clark Blaise
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Virginia_Apgar=Virginia Apgar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heidi_Fleiss=Heidi Fleiss
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicholas_Ridley_(martyr)=Nicholas Ridley (martyr)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laurence_Saunders=Laurence Saunders
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roo_Borson=Roo Borson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sylvester_Graham=Sylvester Graham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Bowering=George Bowering
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marilyn_Bowering=Marilyn Bowering
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elizabeth_Siddal=Elizabeth Siddal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michel_Lentz=Michel Lentz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Consuelo_Vanderbilt=Consuelo Vanderbilt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_Antoine_Zinnen=Jean Antoine Zinnen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dennis_Kucinich=Dennis Kucinich
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Hastings,_1st_Baron_Hastings=William Hastings, 1st Baron Hastings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carlos_Manuel_Pruneda=Carlos Manuel Pruneda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cheng_Maoyun=Cheng Maoyun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacqueline_Lichtenberg=Jacqueline Lichtenberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clovis_II=Clovis II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eustache_Deschamps=Eustache Deschamps
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anna_Karina=Anna Karina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alan_Hovhaness=Alan Hovhaness
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Horatio_Nelson_Jackson=Horatio Nelson Jackson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_George_Ward=William George Ward
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Varro_Atacinus=Varro Atacinus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kenelm_Digby=Kenelm Digby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Knowles_(architect)=James Knowles (architect)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_William_Church=Richard William Church
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Mozley=Thomas Mozley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_Ramsey=Alexander Ramsey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matthew_Boulton=Matthew Boulton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Roebuck=John Roebuck
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philip_Doddridge=Philip Doddridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sir_Andrew_Clark,_1st_Baronet=Sir Andrew Clark, 1st Baronet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Holt_Hutton=Richard Holt Hutton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frederick_William_Robertson=Frederick William Robertson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Holland,_3rd_Duke_of_Exeter=Henry Holland, 3rd Duke of Exeter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Brainerd=David Brainerd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boniface_I,_Marquess_of_Montferrat=Boniface I, Marquess of Montferrat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Chandler_Haliburton=Thomas Chandler Haliburton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ernest_Lavisse=Ernest Lavisse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Picander=Picander
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roger_Neilson=Roger Neilson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martin_Sargent=Martin Sargent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Judy_Gold=Judy Gold
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ricki_Lake=Ricki Lake
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maggie_Lawson=Maggie Lawson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Gottfried_Bernhard_Bach=Johann Gottfried Bernhard Bach
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Christoph_Friedrich_Bach=Johann Christoph Friedrich Bach
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilhelm_Friedemann_Bach=Wilhelm Friedemann Bach
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Christian_Bach=Johann Christian Bach
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Grove=George Grove
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Magee_(archbishop_of_York)=William Magee (archbishop of York)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Rathbone_Greg=William Rathbone Greg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Thomson_(bishop)=William Thomson (bishop)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Monckton_Milnes,_1st_Baron_Houghton=Richard Monckton Milnes, 1st Baron Houghton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Blakesley=Joseph Blakesley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Robert_Seeley=John Robert Seeley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Alford=Henry Alford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hugh_Childers=Hugh Childers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Lowe=Robert Lowe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sir_James_Kay-Shuttleworth,_1st_Baronet=Sir James Kay-Shuttleworth, 1st Baronet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henri-Alexandre_Wallon=Henri-Alexandre Wallon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Darmesteter=James Darmesteter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gaston_Paris=Gaston Paris
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friedrich_Christian_Diez=Friedrich Christian Diez
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Bright=John Bright
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frank_B._Kellogg=Frank B. Kellogg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Archer_Butler=William Archer Butler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albert_Schwegler=Albert Schwegler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Lever=Charles Lever
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Carleton=William Carleton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Esther_Dyson=Esther Dyson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jill_Dando=Jill Dando
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steve_Lawson_(musician)=Steve Lawson (musician)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fra_Dolcino=Fra Dolcino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_de_Vere,_Duke_of_Ireland=Robert de Vere, Duke of Ireland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hong_Dagu=Hong Dagu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Olivi=Peter Olivi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_de_Vere,_13th_Earl_of_Oxford=John de Vere, 13th Earl of Oxford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gordon_Dean=Gordon Dean
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Brant=Joseph Brant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colin_Davis=Colin Davis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Herbert_von_Karajan=Herbert von Karajan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eochu_Airem=Eochu Airem
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arthur_Lowe=Arthur Lowe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Oldfield_(politician)=David Oldfield (politician)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vita_Sackville-West=Vita Sackville-West
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Dow=Charles Dow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yuji_Hyakutake=Yuji Hyakutake
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Winnie_Ewing=Winnie Ewing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fons_Trompenaars=Fons Trompenaars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dionne_Brand=Dionne Brand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brian_Brett=Brian Brett
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Bringhurst=Robert Bringhurst
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Else_Alfelt=Else Alfelt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Bromige=David Bromige
http://dbpedia.org/resource/B._H._Haggin=B. H. Haggin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walter_Grimshaw=Walter Grimshaw
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bob_Rae=Bob Rae
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ormer_Locklear=Ormer Locklear
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zola_Budd=Zola Budd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edgar_Davids=Edgar Davids
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rollo_May=Rollo May
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Hinton=James Hinton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Billy_Cotton=Billy Cotton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Osceola=Osceola
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harve_Bennett=Harve Bennett
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gilles_Duceppe=Gilles Duceppe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_of_Poitiers=William of Poitiers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gerty_Cori=Gerty Cori
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guido_Cantelli=Guido Cantelli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_of_Cesena=Michael of Cesena
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack_Herer=Jack Herer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Herbert_Howells=Herbert Howells
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Mansbridge=Peter Mansbridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_Windsor,_Earl_of_Ulster=Alexander Windsor, Earl of Ulster
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Urbain_Grandier=Urbain Grandier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Herminie_Cadolle=Herminie Cadolle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Budde=Robert Budde
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Claudio_Naranjo=Claudio Naranjo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hamo_Thornycroft=Hamo Thornycroft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Algernon_Sidney=Algernon Sidney
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Bowen,_Baron_Bowen=Charles Bowen, Baron Bowen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mynga_Futrell=Mynga Futrell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Merle=Robert Merle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jhonen_Vasquez=Jhonen Vasquez
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Constantine_V=Constantine V
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Metrobius=Metrobius
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Betty_Friedan=Betty Friedan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Haruhiko_Mikimoto=Haruhiko Mikimoto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reg_Mombassa=Reg Mombassa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Tilly_Matthews=James Tilly Matthews
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Farr=William Farr
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mick_Burrs=Mick Burrs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sharon_Butala=Sharon Butala
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Denis_Thatcher=Denis Thatcher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phil_McGraw=Phil McGraw
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Constantine_VI=Constantine VI
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lesley_Choyce=Lesley Choyce
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francis_Rogallo=Francis Rogallo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joy_Adamson=Joy Adamson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_Kenny=Tom Kenny
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dino_Dini=Dino Dini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A._S._Hornby=A. S. Hornby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Starr_King=Thomas Starr King
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Witness_Lee=Witness Lee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andy_Rooney=Andy Rooney
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amenhotep_III=Amenhotep III
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stephen_Gilbert=Stephen Gilbert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Huskisson=William Huskisson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oliver_Twins=Oliver Twins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_MacCormick=John MacCormick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joel_Shepherd=Joel Shepherd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Elliott_Clarke=George Elliott Clarke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karen_Connelly=Karen Connelly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albert_Hall_(actor)=Albert Hall (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hugh_Cook_(Canadian_novelist)=Hugh Cook (Canadian novelist)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harold_Monro=Harold Monro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Williams_Nash=Charles Williams Nash
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lynn_Crosbie=Lynn Crosbie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Demchugdongrub=Demchugdongrub
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maria_White_Lowell=Maria White Lowell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Croft_(TV_producer)=David Croft (TV producer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Whittaker_(video_game_composer)=David Whittaker (video game composer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Geoffrey_of_Villehardouin=Geoffrey of Villehardouin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laurence_Housman=Laurence Housman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isaac_K._Funk=Isaac K. Funk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Simon_Hermstedt=Johann Simon Hermstedt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis_Spohr=Louis Spohr
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Akitaro_Daichi=Akitaro Daichi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/J._C._R._Licklider=J. C. R. Licklider
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mikhail_Kasyanov=Mikhail Kasyanov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis_Antoine_de_Bougainville=Louis Antoine de Bougainville
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Percy_Grainger=Percy Grainger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ZaSu_Pitts=ZaSu Pitts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marcus_Duronius=Marcus Duronius
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quintus_Fufius_Calenus=Quintus Fufius Calenus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Joseph=Richard Joseph
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nizam_Peerwani=Nizam Peerwani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nellie_Melba=Nellie Melba
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henri_Vieuxtemps=Henri Vieuxtemps
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rachel_True=Rachel True
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mikhail_Glinka=Mikhail Glinka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_Glazunov=Alexander Glazunov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rudy_Rucker=Rudy Rucker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scott_McNealy=Scott McNealy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fra_Diavolo=Fra Diavolo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierre_Rode=Pierre Rode
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A._Philip_Randolph=A. Philip Randolph
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rosalind_Chao=Rosalind Chao
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pablo_Soto=Pablo Soto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Jobson_(explorer)=Richard Jobson (explorer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matthias_Flacius=Matthias Flacius
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Jobson_(television_presenter)=Richard Jobson (television presenter)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicholas_Udall=Nicholas Udall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A._J._Muste=A. J. Muste
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lance_Ito=Lance Ito
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nancy_Spungen=Nancy Spungen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeremiah_McLain_Rusk=Jeremiah McLain Rusk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Danny_Lopez=Danny Lopez
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_M._La_Follette,_Sr.=Robert M. La Follette, Sr.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zodiac_Killer=Zodiac Killer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Stuart_Rose=David Stuart Rose
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emil_Wallber=Emil Wallber
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leo_G._Carroll=Leo G. Carroll
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emil_Seidel=Emil Seidel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_Zeidler=Carl Zeidler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pascual_Cervera_y_Topete=Pascual Cervera y Topete
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robin_Tunney=Robin Tunney
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arndt_Pekurinen=Arndt Pekurinen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Janosch=Janosch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reinhold_Messner=Reinhold Messner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isidor_Gunsberg=Isidor Gunsberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacques_Brault=Jacques Brault
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Warren_Defever=Warren Defever
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicole_Brossard=Nicole Brossard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ben_Johnston_(composer)=Ben Johnston (composer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Herb_Curtis=Herb Curtis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frank_Davey=Frank Davey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ernest_Farrar=Ernest Farrar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yolanda_of_Flanders=Yolanda of Flanders
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walter_J._Turner=Walter J. Turner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francis_Turner_Palgrave=Francis Turner Palgrave
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Campbell_Shairp=John Campbell Shairp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Traherne=Thomas Traherne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arthur_Murphy_(writer)=Arthur Murphy (writer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas-Michael_Gribow=Thomas-Michael Gribow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Michael_Hayes=John Michael Hayes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jimmy_Hoffa=Jimmy Hoffa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Reeves=George Reeves
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karen_Davis_(activist)=Karen Davis (activist)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Kluge=John Kluge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Tallis=Thomas Tallis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jackie_Earle_Haley=Jackie Earle Haley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Kraft=William Kraft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Andrews_Clark,_Jr.=William Andrews Clark, Jr.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hans_von_Aachen=Hans von Aachen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Herodias=Herodias
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jim_Varney=Jim Varney
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buddy_Hackett=Buddy Hackett
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierre_Brossolette=Pierre Brossolette
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leopold_Trepper=Leopold Trepper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michelle_Trachtenberg=Michelle Trachtenberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hemming_of_Denmark=Hemming of Denmark
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_H._Swanson=William H. Swanson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_O._Holliday=Charles O. Holliday
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Halfdan_the_Old=Halfdan the Old
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rajendra_K._Pachauri=Rajendra K. Pachauri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Eavis=Michael Eavis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ernie_Eves=Ernie Eves
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frank_Cyril_Tiarks=Frank Cyril Tiarks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Shields=James Shields
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_C._Dvorak=John C. Dvorak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arthur_E._Nelson=Arthur E. Nelson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jenny_Joseph=Jenny Joseph
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Windom=William Windom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Brant=Henry Brant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ivor_Gurney=Ivor Gurney
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trevor_McDonald=Trevor McDonald
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Camille_Lemonnier=Camille Lemonnier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christopher_Lloyd=Christopher Lloyd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean-Michel_Atlan=Jean-Michel Atlan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gwenda_Thomas=Gwenda Thomas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Geri_Halliwell=Geri Halliwell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Handel_Richardson=Henry Handel Richardson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peaches_(musician)=Peaches (musician)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leo_Baekeland=Leo Baekeland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rebecka_Liljeberg=Rebecka Liljeberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Ireland_(composer)=John Ireland (composer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ejler_Bille=Ejler Bille
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jonathan_Kellerman=Jonathan Kellerman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barnaby_Evans=Barnaby Evans
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barry_Dempster=Barry Dempster
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lee_de_Forest=Lee de Forest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Enoch_Poor=Enoch Poor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_Dewdney=Alexander Dewdney
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bob_Martin_(boxer)=Bob Martin (boxer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Herbert_Crossley=Herbert Crossley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bruce_Farr=Bruce Farr
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Young_Sellar=William Young Sellar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Fallows=James Fallows
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bill_Gothard=Bill Gothard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Little_Heath=Thomas Little Heath
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apollonius_of_Perga=Apollonius of Perga
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antipater=Antipater
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chandragupta_I=Chandragupta I
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jammu_Siltavuori=Jammu Siltavuori
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mark_Eyskens=Mark Eyskens
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Riothamus=Riothamus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ted_Kulongoski=Ted Kulongoski
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Thrale=Henry Thrale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christopher_Dewdney=Christopher Dewdney
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don_Domanski=Don Domanski
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Stafford,_3rd_Duke_of_Buckingham=Edward Stafford, 3rd Duke of Buckingham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Candas_Jane_Dorsey=Candas Jane Dorsey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georgi_Lozanov=Georgi Lozanov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dean_Cogan=Dean Cogan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dave_Duncan_(writer)=Dave Duncan (writer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brian_Fawcett=Brian Fawcett
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yang_Shangkun=Yang Shangkun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Russell,_1st_Earl_of_Bedford=John Russell, 1st Earl of Bedford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Art_Modell=Art Modell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Maniakes=George Maniakes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Frawley=William Frawley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christian_Kane=Christian Kane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stokely_Carmichael=Stokely Carmichael
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Israel_Regardie=Israel Regardie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liu_Bei=Liu Bei
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alex_Koroknay-Palicz=Alex Koroknay-Palicz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Procopius_(usurper)=Procopius (usurper)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Demetrius_of_Phalerum=Demetrius of Phalerum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Williamson=Henry Williamson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Clymer=George Clymer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carter_Braxton=Carter Braxton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Ellery=William Ellery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philip_Livingston=Philip Livingston
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Witherspoon=John Witherspoon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benjamin_Rush=Benjamin Rush
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicolas_Chuquet=Nicolas Chuquet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Talbut_Onions=Charles Talbut Onions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Watson_Fowler=Henry Watson Fowler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Belle_Starr=Belle Starr
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Howe,_3rd_Viscount_Howe=George Howe, 3rd Viscount Howe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicholas_Ridley,_Baron_Ridley_of_Liddesdale=Nicholas Ridley, Baron Ridley of Liddesdale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christian_Slater=Christian Slater
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marcheline_Bertrand=Marcheline Bertrand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nancy_Pimental=Nancy Pimental
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Selma_Blair=Selma Blair
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martin_Landau=Martin Landau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hugh_Bigod,_1st_Earl_of_Norfolk=Hugh Bigod, 1st Earl of Norfolk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trevor_Ferguson=Trevor Ferguson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roger_Bigod,_4th_Earl_of_Norfolk=Roger Bigod, 4th Earl of Norfolk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roger_Bigod,_5th_Earl_of_Norfolk=Roger Bigod, 5th Earl of Norfolk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roger_Bigod,_2nd_Earl_of_Norfolk=Roger Bigod, 2nd Earl of Norfolk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Bruce_(poet)=Michael Bruce (poet)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alistair_MacLean=Alistair MacLean
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lauren_Bacall=Lauren Bacall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ebenezer_Learned=Ebenezer Learned
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Lyndsay=David Lyndsay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Upham=Charles Upham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Chalmers_(antiquarian)=George Chalmers (antiquarian)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Hart_(New_Jersey_politician)=John Hart (New Jersey politician)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Heyward,_Jr.=Thomas Heyward, Jr.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Hewes=Joseph Hewes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Hooper=William Hooper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francis_Lewis=Francis Lewis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Lynch,_Jr.=Thomas Lynch, Jr.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Penn_(Continental_Congress)=John Penn (Continental Congress)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Treat_Paine=Robert Treat Paine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Ross_(delegate)=George Ross (delegate)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matthew_Thornton=Matthew Thornton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Read_(U.S._statesman)=George Read (U.S. statesman)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Whipple=William Whipple
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Stone=Thomas Stone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caesar_Rodney=Caesar Rodney
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ahmed_Best=Ahmed Best
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_the_Strong=Robert the Strong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Wythe=George Wythe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kim_Novak=Kim Novak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Radcliffe=Charles Radcliffe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phillip_E._Johnson=Phillip E. Johnson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ione_Skye=Ione Skye
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anne_Parillaud=Anne Parillaud
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Man_in_the_Iron_Mask=Man in the Iron Mask
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Randall_Wallace=Randall Wallace
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mary_Elizabeth_Mastrantonio=Mary Elizabeth Mastrantonio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tatiana_Grigorieva=Tatiana Grigorieva
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Saintsbury=George Saintsbury
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Dunbar=William Dunbar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Rastell=John Rastell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ernest_John_Moeran=Ernest John Moeran
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Frognall_Dibdin=Thomas Frognall Dibdin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Ames_(author)=Joseph Ames (author)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_John_Dibdin=Thomas John Dibdin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Dibdin=Charles Dibdin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Halliwell-Phillipps=James Halliwell-Phillipps
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ernst_Heinkel=Ernst Heinkel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gaspare_Spontini=Gaspare Spontini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jymie_Merritt=Jymie Merritt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Bolduc=La Bolduc
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lew_Rockwell=Lew Rockwell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Sherwood_Noble=Charles Sherwood Noble
http://dbpedia.org/resource/E._W._Bullinger=E. W. Bullinger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/E._U._Essien-Udom=E. U. Essien-Udom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicholas_Budgen=Nicholas Budgen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lewis_Cass=Lewis Cass
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Pelham_Villiers=Charles Pelham Villiers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jerry_Nelson=Jerry Nelson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis_Wain=Louis Wain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Winchell=Paul Winchell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arthur_Murray=Arthur Murray
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Natasha_Bobo=Natasha Bobo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_E._Huntington=Henry E. Huntington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Weyer=Johann Weyer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Binsfeld=Peter Binsfeld
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Jamieson=John Jamieson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francis_Meres=Francis Meres
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Arber=Edward Arber
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Churchyard=Thomas Churchyard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roger_Ascham=Roger Ascham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roxana=Roxana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Paget,_1st_Baron_Paget=William Paget, 1st Baron Paget
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Naunton=Robert Naunton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pascual_de_Gayangos_y_Arce=Pascual de Gayangos y Arce
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Muhammad_al-Bukhari=Muhammad al-Bukhari
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ahmed_Mohammed_al-Maqqari=Ahmed Mohammed al-Maqqari
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Al-Nawawi=Al-Nawawi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walter_Devereux,_1st_Earl_of_Essex=Walter Devereux, 1st Earl of Essex
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierre-Esprit_Radisson=Pierre-Esprit Radisson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis_de_Buade_de_Frontenac=Louis de Buade de Frontenac
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sorley_Boy_MacDonnell=Sorley Boy MacDonnell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Coape_Sherbrooke=John Coape Sherbrooke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ansgar_Elde=Ansgar Elde
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kaokor_Galaxy=Kaokor Galaxy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrea_Gabrieli=Andrea Gabrieli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Tusser=Thomas Tusser
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_E._Kelley=David E. Kelley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Armando_(artist)=Armando (artist)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_H._Rosenthal=David H. Rosenthal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/An_Jung-geun=An Jung-geun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francis_Bond_Head=Francis Bond Head
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anton_Alberts_(architect)=Anton Alberts (architect)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hanns_Eisler=Hanns Eisler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Katie_Price=Katie Price
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Stringfellow=Peter Stringfellow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/R._Lee_Ermey=R. Lee Ermey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mel_B=Mel B
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Dean_Anderson=Richard Dean Anderson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jade_Goody=Jade Goody
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chinua_Achebe=Chinua Achebe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alejandro_Jodorowsky=Alejandro Jodorowsky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_McIntyre=Robert McIntyre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abd_al-Rahman_al-Sufi=Abd al-Rahman al-Sufi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jonathan_Miller=Jonathan Miller
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Judith_Fitzgerald=Judith Fitzgerald
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_Anthelme_Brillat-Savarin=Jean Anthelme Brillat-Savarin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anne_Robinson=Anne Robinson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Davina_McCall=Davina McCall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Neil_Blaney=Neil Blaney
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacqueline_de_Jong=Jacqueline de Jong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cecil_Foster=Cecil Foster
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stewart_Menzies=Stewart Menzies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tichborne_case=Tichborne case
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stanley_Clifford_Weyman=Stanley Clifford Weyman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ladan_and_Laleh_Bijani=Ladan and Laleh Bijani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Fulford_(journalist)=Robert Fulford (journalist)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Tabrar=Joseph Tabrar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Erasistratus=Erasistratus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Constant_Nieuwenhuys=Constant Nieuwenhuys
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Malet_Lambert_(priest)=Malet Lambert (priest)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Glen_Wardrop=John Glen Wardrop
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dermot_Morgan=Dermot Morgan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giorgetto_Giugiaro=Giorgetto Giugiaro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cameron_Mackintosh=Cameron Mackintosh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tipper_Gore=Tipper Gore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bai_Shouyi=Bai Shouyi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chang_and_Eng_Bunker=Chang and Eng Bunker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sacco_and_Vanzetti=Sacco and Vanzetti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ben_Stein=Ben Stein
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicola_Furlong=Nicola Furlong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tony_Anholt=Tony Anholt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ernesto_Teodoro_Moneta=Ernesto Teodoro Moneta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hector_Boece=Hector Boece
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Armin=Robert Armin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Armand_Hammer=Armand Hammer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas,_2nd_Earl_of_Lancaster=Thomas, 2nd Earl of Lancaster
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Dillon_(Fine_Gael_politician)=James Dillon (Fine Gael politician)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joanna_Glass=Joanna Glass
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacques_Godbout=Jacques Godbout
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrew_Harclay,_1st_Earl_of_Carlisle=Andrew Harclay, 1st Earl of Carlisle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Beattie_(poet)=James Beattie (poet)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steve_Booth=Steve Booth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacques_Barzun=Jacques Barzun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/B._A._Santamaria=B. A. Santamaria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doug_Henning=Doug Henning
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nick_Tate=Nick Tate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diamond_Bessie=Diamond Bessie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Bradley=Henry Bradley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Spira=Henry Spira
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Craigie=William Craigie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caesar_of_Heisterbach=Caesar of Heisterbach
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leona_Gom=Leona Gom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hazel_Scott=Hazel Scott
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Axeman_of_New_Orleans=Axeman of New Orleans
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dimitrie_Sturdza=Dimitrie Sturdza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Neile_Graham=Neile Graham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Genni_Gunn=Genni Gunn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anna_Elizabeth_Dickinson=Anna Elizabeth Dickinson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ray_Kroc=Ray Kroc
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Davies_of_Hereford=John Davies of Hereford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alan_Haig-Brown=Alan Haig-Brown
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Claire_Harris=Claire Harris
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dorothy_Day=Dorothy Day
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marjorie_Harris=Marjorie Harris
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elisabeth_Harvor=Elisabeth Harvor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_A._Kennedy=David A. Kennedy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Jones_Ford=Henry Jones Ford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ionatana_Ionatana=Ionatana Ionatana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Violeta_Chamorro=Violeta Chamorro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jovinus=Jovinus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Priscus_Attalus=Priscus Attalus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Jay=David Jay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lucky_Millinder=Lucky Millinder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Warren_E._Burger=Warren E. Burger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martin_Van_Buren_Bates=Martin Van Buren Bates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anna_Haining_Bates=Anna Haining Bates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Gelfer=Joseph Gelfer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Margo_Kingston=Margo Kingston
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Lydgate=John Lydgate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jim_Lampley=Jim Lampley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tony_Blackburn=Tony Blackburn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harry_Johnston=Harry Johnston
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sophie_Tucker=Sophie Tucker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Hilles=Robert Hilles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Smith_(diplomat)=Thomas Smith (diplomat)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greg_Hollingshead=Greg Hollingshead
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Solomon_Stoddard=Solomon Stoddard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Cheke=John Cheke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cornelia_Hoogland=Cornelia Hoogland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harold_Horwood=Harold Horwood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edwin_F._Uhl=Edwin F. Uhl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Smyth_(politician)=Thomas Smyth (politician)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seamus_Mallon=Seamus Mallon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hartley_Shawcross,_Baron_Shawcross=Hartley Shawcross, Baron Shawcross
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stephen_Glass=Stephen Glass
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Bryce,_1st_Viscount_Bryce=James Bryce, 1st Viscount Bryce
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ingrid_Ylva=Ingrid Ylva
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Holmes_(organist)=Richard Holmes (organist)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_C._Lilly=John C. Lilly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ace_Brigode=Ace Brigode
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Telly_Savalas=Telly Savalas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shashi_Kapoor=Shashi Kapoor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Etta_Jones=Etta Jones
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bruce_Hunter_(poet)=Bruce Hunter (poet)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Catherine_Hunter=Catherine Hunter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stanley_Kramer=Stanley Kramer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maureen_Hunter=Maureen Hunter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_C._Weaver=Richard C. Weaver
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Olave_Baden-Powell=Olave Baden-Powell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arthur_Baker_(calligrapher)=Arthur Baker (calligrapher)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christie_Brinkley=Christie Brinkley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Otto_Schily=Otto Schily
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Armin_Shimerman=Armin Shimerman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Ward_Hunt=George Ward Hunt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clotilde,_Princess_of_Venice_and_Piedmont=Clotilde, Princess of Venice and Piedmont
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eamon_Delaney=Eamon Delaney
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alastair_Campbell=Alastair Campbell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gerald_Duckworth=Gerald Duckworth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeremy_Clarkson=Jeremy Clarkson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bram_Cohen=Bram Cohen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harold_Gillies=Harold Gillies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ian_R._MacLeod=Ian R. MacLeod
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caitlin_Wachs=Caitlin Wachs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Strype=John Strype
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tadanobu_Asano=Tadanobu Asano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Stow=John Stow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francisque_Xavier_Michel=Francisque Xavier Michel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nathaniel_Macon=Nathaniel Macon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_Albert=Carl Albert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_William_McCormack=John William McCormack
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_William_Martin,_Jr.=Joseph William Martin, Jr.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tip_O'Neill=Tip O'Neill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_B._Bankhead=William B. Bankhead
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mahadev_Desai=Mahadev Desai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mary_Garden=Mary Garden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Aislabie=John Aislabie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barb_Tarbox=Barb Tarbox
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joan_Rivers=Joan Rivers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phil_LaMarr=Phil LaMarr
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jiaqing_Emperor=Jiaqing Emperor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chloe_Webb=Chloe Webb
http://dbpedia.org/resource/O._G._S._Crawford=O. G. S. Crawford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antony_Armstrong-Jones,_1st_Earl_of_Snowdon=Antony Armstrong-Jones, 1st Earl of Snowdon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Fluck=Peter Fluck
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roger_Law=Roger Law
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tim_Watts=Tim Watts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Stoten=David Stoten
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steve_Bendelack=Steve Bendelack
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Enn_Reitel=Enn Reitel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steve_Brown_(composer)=Steve Brown (composer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jesse=Jesse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jim_Breen=Jim Breen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daniel_Chatto=Daniel Chatto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gaetano_Alibrandi=Gaetano Alibrandi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacques_Marquette=Jacques Marquette
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Gore_Browne=Thomas Gore Browne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Oxley=John Oxley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jim_Mollison=Jim Mollison
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jonathan_Ke_Quan=Jonathan Ke Quan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frederic_Madden=Frederic Madden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benedetto_Pistrucci=Benedetto Pistrucci
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gabriel_Monod=Gabriel Monod
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eustace_I,_Count_of_Boulogne=Eustace I, Count of Boulogne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adolphe_Monod=Adolphe Monod
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Bogue=David Bogue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Haldane=Robert Haldane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Sessions=John Sessions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steve_Coogan=Steve Coogan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Solomon_Caesar_Malan=Solomon Caesar Malan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giuseppe_Caspar_Mezzofanti=Giuseppe Caspar Mezzofanti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexandre_Vinet=Alexandre Vinet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gaston_Frommel=Gaston Frommel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louise_Gold=Louise Gold
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis_Auguste_Sabatier=Louis Auguste Sabatier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Fenton_Stevens=Michael Fenton Stevens
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Sabatier=Paul Sabatier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jan_Ravens=Jan Ravens
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Juste_Olivier=Juste Olivier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barry_Desmond=Barry Desmond
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frederick_Pabst=Frederick Pabst
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ken_Whyld=Ken Whyld
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jerry_O'Connell=Jerry O'Connell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walter_Jenkins=Walter Jenkins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eric_Bogosian=Eric Bogosian
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Haldane=James Haldane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Simeon=Charles Simeon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_McLeod_Campbell=John McLeod Campbell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Erskine_(theologian)=Thomas Erskine (theologian)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daniel_Rutherford_Haldane=Daniel Rutherford Haldane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edmund_Randolph=Edmund Randolph
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ibn_Warraq=Ibn Warraq
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leonard_Bocour=Leonard Bocour
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Brackenbury=Robert Brackenbury
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Ratcliffe=Richard Ratcliffe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Billy_Sunday=Billy Sunday
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adam_of_Saint_Victor=Adam of Saint Victor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francis_Garnier=Francis Garnier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cave_Johnson=Cave Johnson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harvey_Williams_Cushing=Harvey Williams Cushing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Izhak_Graziani=Izhak Graziani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nell_Leyshon=Nell Leyshon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ivan_Chtcheglov=Ivan Chtcheglov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Merrill_C._Meigs=Merrill C. Meigs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Compay_Segundo=Compay Segundo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edmund_Mortimer,_5th_Earl_of_March=Edmund Mortimer, 5th Earl of March
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_McKinney=William McKinney
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tribonian=Tribonian
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sun_Jian=Sun Jian
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jiang_Wei=Jiang Wei
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zhao_Yun=Zhao Yun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zhuge_Liang=Zhuge Liang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harry_Caray=Harry Caray
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bill_Hamilton_(engineer)=Bill Hamilton (engineer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cordell_Hull=Cordell Hull
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charlie_Barnet=Charlie Barnet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nexhmije_Hoxha=Nexhmije Hoxha
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Creflo_Dollar=Creflo Dollar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roberta_Williams=Roberta Williams
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Goodman=John Goodman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hironobu_Sakaguchi=Hironobu Sakaguchi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jena_Malone=Jena Malone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Freddie_Slack=Freddie Slack
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fritz_Sauckel=Fritz Sauckel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Trautmann=William Trautmann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lucy_Parsons=Lucy Parsons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Bellotti=David Bellotti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Will_Bradley=Will Bradley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maud_Gonne=Maud Gonne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jimmy_O'Dea=Jimmy O'Dea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ephraim_Kishon=Ephraim Kishon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lady_Randolph_Churchill=Lady Randolph Churchill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moshe_Carmel=Moshe Carmel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Christian_Wilhelm_Augusti=Johann Christian Wilhelm Augusti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Wallis_(publisher)=John Wallis (publisher)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Wilson_Croker=John Wilson Croker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orlando_Gibbons=Orlando Gibbons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Hooker=Thomas Hooker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walter_Mildmay=Walter Mildmay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ivy_Lee=Ivy Lee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carlo_Tresca=Carlo Tresca
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Whitaker_(screenwriter)=David Whitaker (screenwriter)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jane_Kennedy_(actress)=Jane Kennedy (actress)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ulrich_Molitor=Ulrich Molitor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_Turner=Jean Turner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Garriott=Richard Garriott
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lou_Stillman=Lou Stillman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jimmy_Lai=Jimmy Lai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maria_das_Neves=Maria das Neves
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joaquim_Rafael_Branco=Joaquim Rafael Branco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fernando_Pereira=Fernando Pereira
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tim_Robbins=Tim Robbins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rimbert=Rimbert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friedrich_Adolf_Riedesel=Friedrich Adolf Riedesel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ed_McMahon=Ed McMahon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tim_Conway=Tim Conway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexis_Paulin_Paris=Alexis Paulin Paris
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Catherine_de_Vivonne,_marquise_de_Rambouillet=Catherine de Vivonne, marquise de Rambouillet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don_Knotts=Don Knotts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karl_August_Varnhagen_von_Ense=Karl August Varnhagen von Ense
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Izaak_Walton_Killam=Izaak Walton Killam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Hetfield=James Hetfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ottmar_Mergenthaler=Ottmar Mergenthaler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luo_Guanzhong=Luo Guanzhong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hamza_Yusuf=Hamza Yusuf
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Satsuki_Yukino=Satsuki Yukino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Walters_(broadcaster)=John Walters (broadcaster)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francesco_Maria_Guazzo=Francesco Maria Guazzo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacques_Collin_de_Plancy=Jacques Collin de Plancy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Allan_Cunningham_(botanist)=Allan Cunningham (botanist)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeanloup_Sieff=Jeanloup Sieff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kikuko_Inoue=Kikuko Inoue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Margo_MacDonald=Margo MacDonald
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dio_Chrysostom=Dio Chrysostom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oscar_Levant=Oscar Levant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adam_Michnik=Adam Michnik
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zahra_Kazemi=Zahra Kazemi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joanne_Stepaniak=Joanne Stepaniak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philip_Howard,_20th_Earl_of_Arundel=Philip Howard, 20th Earl of Arundel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Small_(inventor)=James Small (inventor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Junko_Noda=Junko Noda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Russ_Feingold=Russ Feingold
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_I_of_Constantinople=Paul I of Constantinople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sulaiman_Abu_Ghaith=Sulaiman Abu Ghaith
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eudoxius_of_Antioch=Eudoxius of Antioch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Demophilus_of_Constantinople=Demophilus of Constantinople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Evagrius_of_Constantinople=Evagrius of Constantinople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Wace_(priest)=Henry Wace (priest)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_FitzRoy=Robert FitzRoy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rich_Skrenta=Rich Skrenta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harold_Ober=Harold Ober
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matthew_J._Bruccoli=Matthew J. Bruccoli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maxwell_Perkins=Maxwell Perkins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mircea_Dinescu=Mircea Dinescu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arsacius_of_Tarsus=Arsacius of Tarsus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tammy_Faye_Messner=Tammy Faye Messner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philip_Astley=Philip Astley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Kelly_(weapons_expert)=David Kelly (weapons expert)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jim_Broadbent=Jim Broadbent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Hart_Benton_(politician)=Thomas Hart Benton (politician)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacob_Baradaeus=Jacob Baradaeus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Archbishop_Atticus_of_Constantinople=Archbishop Atticus of Constantinople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ellen_G._White=Ellen G. White
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Frankenfeld=Peter Frankenfeld
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chris_Evans_(presenter)=Chris Evans (presenter)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tim_Schafer=Tim Schafer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nathan_Lane=Nathan Lane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Al-Jazari=Al-Jazari
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_X_of_Constantinople=John X of Constantinople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Archbishop_Sisinnius_I_of_Constantinople=Archbishop Sisinnius I of Constantinople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ibn_Taymiyyah=Ibn Taymiyyah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Malik_ibn_Anas=Malik ibn Anas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Muhammad_ibn_Isa_at-Tirmidhi=Muhammad ibn Isa at-Tirmidhi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francis_Hutchinson=Francis Hutchinson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Hawtrey_(actor_born_1858)=Charles Hawtrey (actor born 1858)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Grey=George Grey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canute_IV_of_Denmark=Canute IV of Denmark
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_O'Higgins=Tom O'Higgins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matthew_Leydt=Matthew Leydt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aristides=Aristides
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Ritter=John Ritter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Umberto_Giordano=Umberto Giordano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bessie_Coleman=Bessie Coleman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fazel_Ahmed_Manawi=Fazel Ahmed Manawi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pablo_Iglesias=Pablo Iglesias
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antoine_de_la_Mothe_Cadillac=Antoine de la Mothe Cadillac
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adam_Cadre=Adam Cadre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Julio_Anguita=Julio Anguita
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Archbishop_Maximianus_of_Constantinople=Archbishop Maximianus of Constantinople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Proclus_of_Constantinople=Proclus of Constantinople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gennadius_of_Constantinople=Gennadius of Constantinople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harrison_Gray_Otis_(publisher)=Harrison Gray Otis (publisher)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Euphemius_of_Constantinople=Euphemius of Constantinople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Macedonius_II_of_Constantinople=Macedonius II of Constantinople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_of_Cappadocia=John of Cappadocia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edwin_Brienen=Edwin Brienen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miya_Masaoka=Miya Masaoka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phil_Donahue=Phil Donahue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keith_Olbermann=Keith Olbermann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Te_Ruki_Kawiti=Te Ruki Kawiti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johannes_Ockeghem=Johannes Ockeghem
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rebecca_Pidgeon=Rebecca Pidgeon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_F._Wilson=Thomas F. Wilson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Sambrook=Richard Sambrook
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Melchior_Cano=Melchior Cano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Increase_Mather=Increase Mather
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Cassavetes=John Cassavetes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Thomas_Lowndes=William Thomas Lowndes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samuel_Parr=Samuel Parr
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_George_Bohn=Henry George Bohn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friedrich_Bouterwek=Friedrich Bouterwek
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Stillman_Hillard=George Stillman Hillard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Simon_Greenleaf=Simon Greenleaf
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ulrich_Beck=Ulrich Beck
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gaspar_Llamazares=Gaspar Llamazares
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francisco_Frutos=Francisco Frutos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karl_Goldmark=Karl Goldmark
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albert_Gallatin=Albert Gallatin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Sheridan_(actor)=Thomas Sheridan (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wei_Jingsheng=Wei Jingsheng
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Florida=Richard Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chris_Matthews=Chris Matthews
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Davies_(athlete)=John Davies (athlete)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Abrash=Michael Abrash
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Renee_Nele=Renee Nele
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rosalyn_Tureck=Rosalyn Tureck
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friedrich_August_von_Alberti=Friedrich August von Alberti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martin_Guerre=Martin Guerre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hans_Purrmann=Hans Purrmann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scott_Baio=Scott Baio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aharon_Kotler=Aharon Kotler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lars_Monrad-Krohn=Lars Monrad-Krohn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Willie_Aames=Willie Aames
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bill_Bright=Bill Bright
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lloyd_Bridges=Lloyd Bridges
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ashton_Kutcher=Ashton Kutcher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eugen_Rosenstock-Huessy=Eugen Rosenstock-Huessy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nikolai_Kardashev=Nikolai Kardashev
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Numa_Denis_Fustel_de_Coulanges=Numa Denis Fustel de Coulanges
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dayna_Curry=Dayna Curry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guy_Kawasaki=Guy Kawasaki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Milton_DeLugg=Milton DeLugg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Billy_Carter=Billy Carter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Thomas_(actor)=Richard Thomas (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack_Wagner_(screenwriter)=Jack Wagner (screenwriter)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gertrude_Bell=Gertrude Bell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matt_Jefferies=Matt Jefferies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joel_Schumacher=Joel Schumacher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Brockden_Brown=Charles Brockden Brown
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Tufts=Charles Tufts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christopher_Anstey=Christopher Anstey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Eliot_Gardiner=John Eliot Gardiner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Ellwood=Thomas Ellwood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Mallet_(writer)=David Mallet (writer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baron_Baltimore=Baron Baltimore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Susan_Whelan=Susan Whelan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frances_McDormand=Frances McDormand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Schlesinger=John Schlesinger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kim_Cattrall=Kim Cattrall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/August_Dvorak=August Dvorak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brock_Peters=Brock Peters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rebecca_Clarke_(composer)=Rebecca Clarke (composer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pete_Parker=Pete Parker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arsenio_Hall=Arsenio Hall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mike_Judge=Mike Judge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laurence_Canter_and_Martha_Siegel=Laurence Canter and Martha Siegel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_F._Kettering=Charles F. Kettering
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benjamin_Stoddert=Benjamin Stoddert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sasha_(DJ)=Sasha (DJ)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martha_Griffiths=Martha Griffiths
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theodor_Wulf=Theodor Wulf
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marie_Henri_d'Arbois_de_Jubainville=Marie Henri d'Arbois de Jubainville
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Fust=Johann Fust
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicolas_Freeling=Nicolas Freeling
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guillaume_Durand=Guillaume Durand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_E._Davis_(councilman)=James E. Davis (councilman)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Meyer_(philologist)=Paul Meyer (philologist)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shlomo_Kleit=Shlomo Kleit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Hoban=Michael Hoban
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joyce_Maynard=Joyce Maynard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michel_Gelbart=Michel Gelbart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Wulf=William Wulf
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zhang_He=Zhang He
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fred_Willard=Fred Willard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kristin_Davis=Kristin Davis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aaron_Spelling=Aaron Spelling
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jenny_Agutter=Jenny Agutter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monica_Bellucci=Monica Bellucci
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anna_Paquin=Anna Paquin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ze'ev_Jabotinsky=Ze'ev Jabotinsky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Erika_Eleniak=Erika Eleniak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kate_Moss=Kate Moss
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Portia_de_Rossi=Portia de Rossi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Courtney_Thorne-Smith=Courtney Thorne-Smith
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Catherine_McCormack=Catherine McCormack
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anna_Friel=Anna Friel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roger_III_of_Sicily=Roger III of Sicily
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Haley_Joel_Osment=Haley Joel Osment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monika_Schnarre=Monika Schnarre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kate_Mosse=Kate Mosse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Siegel=Robert Siegel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Subhash_Kak=Subhash Kak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sir_Henry_Wilson,_1st_Baronet=Sir Henry Wilson, 1st Baronet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theon_of_Alexandria=Theon of Alexandria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frank_Sturgis=Frank Sturgis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Li_Ka-shing=Li Ka-shing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phillippe_de_Longvilliers_de_Poincy=Phillippe de Longvilliers de Poincy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Simon_Cowell=Simon Cowell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Illeana_Douglas=Illeana Douglas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_Felton=Tom Felton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martinho_da_Costa_Lopes=Martinho da Costa Lopes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Howard_Kaloogian=Howard Kaloogian
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amanda_Winn-Lee=Amanda Winn-Lee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Hammond_Trumbull=James Hammond Trumbull
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colin_R._McMillan=Colin R. McMillan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Douglas_Hogg,_1st_Viscount_Hailsham=Douglas Hogg, 1st Viscount Hailsham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St_John_Philby=St John Philby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Janusz_Gajos=Janusz Gajos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Evagrius_Scholasticus=Evagrius Scholasticus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis_de_Rougemont=Louis de Rougemont
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Dupre=George Dupre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grey_Owl=Grey Owl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harry_Domela=Harry Domela
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lili_Elbe=Lili Elbe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kate_Jackson=Kate Jackson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jonathan_Frid=Jonathan Frid
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Webster=John Webster
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Dekker_(writer)=Thomas Dekker (writer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cyril_Tourneur=Cyril Tourneur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Sully=James Sully
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Sterling_(author)=John Sterling (author)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Benjamin_Carpenter=William Benjamin Carpenter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Silk_Buckingham=James Silk Buckingham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mira_Sorvino=Mira Sorvino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Busby=John Busby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laura_Schlessinger=Laura Schlessinger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Busby=James Busby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prince_Johnson=Prince Johnson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Krisse_Salminen=Krisse Salminen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexandra_Wentworth=Alexandra Wentworth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_Selleck=Tom Selleck
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joe_Pesci=Joe Pesci
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Skinny_Bobby_Harper=Skinny Bobby Harper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lothar_Fischer=Lothar Fischer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hans-Peter_Zimmer=Hans-Peter Zimmer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bob_Tisdall=Bob Tisdall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cass_Elliot=Cass Elliot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Helmut_Sturm=Helmut Sturm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harold_Ramis=Harold Ramis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tristan=Tristan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walter_Olmo=Walter Olmo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Magnus_Magnusson=Magnus Magnusson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Piero_Simondo=Piero Simondo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bhagwan_Das=Bhagwan Das
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elena_Kats-Chernin=Elena Kats-Chernin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/V._V._Giri=V. V. Giri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anna_Faris=Anna Faris
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Leech_(caricaturist)=John Leech (caricaturist)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albert_Richard_Smith=Albert Richard Smith
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kate_Beckinsale=Kate Beckinsale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vitiges=Vitiges
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Sheen=Michael Sheen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Rowley=William Rowley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gundobad=Gundobad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benjamin_Schumacher=Benjamin Schumacher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christine_Hamilton=Christine Hamilton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rita_Hayworth=Rita Hayworth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Poulett_Thomson,_1st_Baron_Sydenham=Charles Poulett Thomson, 1st Baron Sydenham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charlie_Sheen=Charlie Sheen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Victor_D'Hondt=Victor D'Hondt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adam_West=Adam West
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_Berry=Alexander Berry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daniel_Kriegman=Daniel Kriegman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Afeni_Shakur=Afeni Shakur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_%22Bay%22_Middleton=George "Bay" Middleton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benigno_Aquino,_Jr.=Benigno Aquino, Jr.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Betty_Parris=Betty Parris
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abigail_Williams=Abigail Williams
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lemuel_Francis_Abbott=Lemuel Francis Abbott
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Bunbury_(caricaturist)=Henry Bunbury (caricaturist)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Gillray=James Gillray
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Kempenfelt=Richard Kempenfelt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adrien_Duport=Adrien Duport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eileen_Blair=Eileen Blair
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lady_Hester_Stanhope=Lady Hester Stanhope
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Sayers=James Sayers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Green=Henry Green
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Rowlandson=Thomas Rowlandson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rudolph_Ackermann=Rudolph Ackermann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Monson_(Royal_Navy_officer)=William Monson (Royal Navy officer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Pocock=George Pocock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maria_Leissner=Maria Leissner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hedwig_of_Saxony=Hedwig of Saxony
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Scarron=Paul Scarron
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_Jules_Jusserand=Jean Jules Jusserand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicolas_Catinat=Nicolas Catinat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mark_Herron=Mark Herron
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Ford=John Ford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fernand_Braudel=Fernand Braudel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack_Pepper=Jack Pepper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walter_Norris=Walter Norris
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sandy_Rass=Sandy Rass
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leo_Africanus=Leo Africanus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frederick_the_Simple=Frederick the Simple
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacob_Epstein=Jacob Epstein
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Copperfield_(illusionist)=David Copperfield (illusionist)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Viswanathan_Anand=Viswanathan Anand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pete_Waterman=Pete Waterman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inez_Milholland=Inez Milholland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norman_Angell=Norman Angell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nikolay_Bobrikov=Nikolay Bobrikov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ayya_Khema=Ayya Khema
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Donald_Jack=Donald Jack
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leicester_Silk_Buckingham=Leicester Silk Buckingham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eugen_Schauman=Eugen Schauman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Surjeet_Kalsey=Surjeet Kalsey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stephen_Ward=Stephen Ward
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patrick_Nagel=Patrick Nagel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Smaro_Kamboureli=Smaro Kamboureli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Welwyn_Wilton_Katz=Welwyn Wilton Katz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lionel_Kearns=Lionel Kearns
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kelly_Preston=Kelly Preston
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ahad_Ha'am=Ahad Ha'am
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ukawsaw_Gronniosaw=Ukawsaw Gronniosaw
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Truxtun=Thomas Truxtun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Warren_Lewis=Warren Lewis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stephen_Decatur,_Sr.=Stephen Decatur, Sr.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Valerie_Goulding=Valerie Goulding
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walter_Koenig=Walter Koenig
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jerome_Cavanagh=Jerome Cavanagh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prince_Aly_Khan=Prince Aly Khan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orderic_Vitalis=Orderic Vitalis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Christoph_Denner=Johann Christoph Denner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christopher_Stone_(broadcaster)=Christopher Stone (broadcaster)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crad_Kilodney=Crad Kilodney
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Kroetsch=Robert Kroetsch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Myrna_Kostash=Myrna Kostash
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tim_Lander=Tim Lander
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zhang_Chongren=Zhang Chongren
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Olympia_Brown=Olympia Brown
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patrick_Lane=Patrick Lane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Evelyn_Lau=Evelyn Lau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roger_McCluskey=Roger McCluskey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leo_Fender=Leo Fender
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Bartholomew=Peter Bartholomew
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Holley_Mims=Holley Mims
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Megasthenes=Megasthenes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cynthia_Kereluk=Cynthia Kereluk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Moses=Robert Moses
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johanna_Rosaly=Johanna Rosaly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Veturi_Sundararama_Murthy=Veturi Sundararama Murthy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harvey_Samuel_Firestone=Harvey Samuel Firestone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elspeth_Cameron=Elspeth Cameron
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kildare_Dobbs=Kildare Dobbs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Howard_Engel=Howard Engel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sylvia_Fraser=Sylvia Fraser
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_French_(playwright)=David French (playwright)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dagobert_of_Pisa=Dagobert of Pisa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pauline_Gedge=Pauline Gedge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brian_Irvine_(composer)=Brian Irvine (composer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Camilo_Cienfuegos=Camilo Cienfuegos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alan_Campbell_(pastor)=Alan Campbell (pastor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ladislaus_Hunyadi=Ladislaus Hunyadi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tara_Palmer-Tomkinson=Tara Palmer-Tomkinson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karl_Wallenda=Karl Wallenda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Susannah_Constantine=Susannah Constantine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trinny_Woodall=Trinny Woodall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Markku_Toikka=Markku Toikka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Donald_Evans=Donald Evans
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don_Evans=Don Evans
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Helge_Rosvaenge=Helge Rosvaenge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anthony_Principi=Anthony Principi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rod_Paige=Rod Paige
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jennifer_Beals=Jennifer Beals
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lee_Chang-dong=Lee Chang-dong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hans_Eworth=Hans Eworth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Constant_Huret=Constant Huret
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Willie_Gallacher=Willie Gallacher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anna_Neagle=Anna Neagle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sondra_Gotlieb=Sondra Gotlieb
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shadworth_Hodgson=Shadworth Hodgson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Katherine_Govier=Katherine Govier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Lent=John Lent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mark_Leiren-Young=Mark Leiren-Young
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sky_Lee=Sky Lee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Dyer-Bennet=Richard Dyer-Bennet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jake_MacDonald=Jake MacDonald
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Didier_Van_Cauwelaert=Didier Van Cauwelaert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pascal_Quignard=Pascal Quignard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michel_Tournier=Michel Tournier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Mulligan=Richard Mulligan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Milton_Diamond=Milton Diamond
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ogata_Kenzan=Ogata Kenzan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pope_Dioscorus_I_of_Alexandria=Pope Dioscorus I of Alexandria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_Cambridge,_1st_Earl_of_Athlone=Alexander Cambridge, 1st Earl of Athlone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alex_Garland=Alex Garland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Allen_(bishop)=Richard Allen (bishop)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jihad_Ahmed_Jibril=Jihad Ahmed Jibril
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ahmed_Jibril=Ahmed Jibril
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toon_Hermans=Toon Hermans
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ilon_Wikland=Ilon Wikland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kogo_Noda=Kogo Noda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ole_Worm=Ole Worm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orval_Faubus=Orval Faubus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steve_Case=Steve Case
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gerlinde_Obermeier=Gerlinde Obermeier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Terentius_Maximus=Terentius Maximus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kevin_Major=Kevin Major
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daphne_Marlatt=Daphne Marlatt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lee_Maracle=Lee Maracle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philip_Henslowe=Philip Henslowe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jim_Threapleton=Jim Threapleton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicole_Markotic=Nicole Markotic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ananda_Coomaraswamy=Ananda Coomaraswamy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Garand=John Garand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sven_Aggesen=Sven Aggesen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elizabeth_Bibesco=Elizabeth Bibesco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giuseppe_Abbamonte=Giuseppe Abbamonte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steve_McCaffery=Steve McCaffery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maurice_Abbot=Maurice Abbot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nathan_Hale=Nathan Hale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robin_Cooke,_Baron_Cooke_of_Thorndon=Robin Cooke, Baron Cooke of Thorndon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anner_Bylsma=Anner Bylsma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michel_Chamillart=Michel Chamillart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Abbt=Thomas Abbt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Carnegie,_3rd_Duke_of_Fife=James Carnegie, 3rd Duke of Fife
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Franklin_Jeffrey=James Franklin Jeffrey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brian_Hutton,_Baron_Hutton=Brian Hutton, Baron Hutton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rodrigues_Ottolengui=Rodrigues Ottolengui
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ernest_Callenbach=Ernest Callenbach
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clarke_Abel=Clarke Abel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Cadle_Price=George Cadle Price
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beverly_Sills=Beverly Sills
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Owen_Wister=Owen Wister
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Larry_McMurtry=Larry McMurtry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Simmons_(actor)=Richard Simmons (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giovan_Battista_Carpi=Giovan Battista Carpi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Al_Bowlly=Al Bowlly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Penn_&_Teller=Penn & Teller
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Burleson=Edward Burleson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norm_Abram=Norm Abram
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Horman=Charles Horman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marsilius_of_Inghen=Marsilius of Inghen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Costa-Gavras=Costa-Gavras
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don_Estelle=Don Estelle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Camilla_Collett=Camilla Collett
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_Bertaut=Jean Bertaut
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_Herauld_Gourville=Jean Herauld Gourville
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madame_de_Montesson=Madame de Montesson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Stevens,_Baron_Stevens_of_Kirkwhelpington=John Stevens, Baron Stevens of Kirkwhelpington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexis_Piron=Alexis Piron
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Langdon_Winner=Langdon Winner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Todd_Andrews=Todd Andrews
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis_de_Rouvroy,_duc_de_Saint-Simon=Louis de Rouvroy, duc de Saint-Simon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Claude_de_Rouvroy,_duc_de_Saint-Simon=Claude de Rouvroy, duc de Saint-Simon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brian_Cowen=Brian Cowen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guillaume_Dubois=Guillaume Dubois
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antoine_Nompar_de_Caumont=Antoine Nompar de Caumont
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrew_McCulloch_(drummer)=Andrew McCulloch (drummer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Voisin=La Voisin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Steinbrenner=George Steinbrenner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Percy_Greg=Percy Greg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Hyde_Greg=Robert Hyde Greg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gaspard_Abeille=Gaspard Abeille
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kristanna_Loken=Kristanna Loken
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scipion_Abeille=Scipion Abeille
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frederick_Hamilton-Temple-Blackwood,_1st_Marquess_of_Dufferin_and_Ava=Frederick Hamilton-Temple-Blackwood, 1st Marquess of Dufferin and Ava
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Kuchar=George Kuchar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guilhermina_Suggia=Guilhermina Suggia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karl_von_Abel=Karl von Abel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giovanni_Francesco_Abela=Giovanni Francesco Abela
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aben_Humeya=Aben Humeya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marie_Trintignant=Marie Trintignant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tippi_Hedren=Tippi Hedren
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rod_Taylor=Rod Taylor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elihu_Root=Elihu Root
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madeleine_Carroll=Madeleine Carroll
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Windsor_Davies=Windsor Davies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bob_Vila=Bob Vila
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rafael_Solis=Rafael Solis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bernard_Accama=Bernard Accama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antoine_Achard=Antoine Achard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jill_St._John=Jill St. John
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Malcolm_Muggeridge=Malcolm Muggeridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Neil_Maclean_(politician)=Neil Maclean (politician)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Wheatley=John Wheatley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Kirkwood=David Kirkwood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Buchanan=George Buchanan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Buchanan_(politician)=George Buchanan (politician)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Buchanan_(diplomat)=George Buchanan (diplomat)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexandra_Kollontai=Alexandra Kollontai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leonard_Gansevoort=Leonard Gansevoort
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prince_George,_Duke_of_Cambridge=Prince George, Duke of Cambridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marjory_Stoneman_Douglas=Marjory Stoneman Douglas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nadine_Blacklock=Nadine Blacklock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Craig_Blacklock=Craig Blacklock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierre_Auguste_Cot=Pierre Auguste Cot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Murphy_O._Shewchuk=Murphy O. Shewchuk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chung_Mong-hun=Chung Mong-hun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chris_Faust=Chris Faust
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robin_Day=Robin Day
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Juli_Wood=Juli Wood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jagadish_Chandra_Bose=Jagadish Chandra Bose
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lucy_Clifford=Lucy Clifford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_W._Bussard=Robert W. Bussard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arthur_Kellermann=Arthur Kellermann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lancelot_Addison=Lancelot Addison
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gideon_Welles=Gideon Welles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gustaf_Adlerfelt=Gustaf Adlerfelt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pehr_Adlerfelt=Pehr Adlerfelt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Julie_Taymor=Julie Taymor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gary_Ridgway=Gary Ridgway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vitaliano_Brancati=Vitaliano Brancati
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Hoeven=John Hoeven
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Shanks=Michael Shanks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sam_Hose=Sam Hose
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stephen_J._Cannell=Stephen J. Cannell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Irene_Pepperberg=Irene Pepperberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_Thomson=Tom Thomson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iajuddin_Ahmed=Iajuddin Ahmed
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dione_Lucas=Dione Lucas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Gansevoort=Peter Gansevoort
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diego_Aduarte=Diego Aduarte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Aertsz=Richard Aertsz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nikolaus_Ager=Nikolaus Ager
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_Shliapnikov=Alexander Shliapnikov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raymond_Mhlaba=Raymond Mhlaba
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Colgate=William Colgate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saye_Zerbo=Saye Zerbo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_McFadden_(poet)=David McFadden (poet)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don_McKay=Don McKay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anthony_of_Sourozh=Anthony of Sourozh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ivar_Kreuger=Ivar Kreuger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Susan_McMaster=Susan McMaster
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sylvia_McNicoll=Sylvia McNicoll
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kjell_Aukrust=Kjell Aukrust
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daniel_Rudge=Daniel Rudge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anne_Michaels=Anne Michaels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roy_Miki=Roy Miki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eutychius_(exarch)=Eutychius (exarch)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bernice_Morgan=Bernice Morgan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eutychius_of_Constantinople=Eutychius of Constantinople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heather_French_Henry=Heather French Henry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samson_Kitur=Samson Kitur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kim_Morrissey=Kim Morrissey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colin_Morton=Colin Morton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alferd_Packer=Alferd Packer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Malet=Robert Malet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Malet_(companion_of_William_the_Conqueror)=William Malet (companion of William the Conqueror)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Aikin=John Aikin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Cairncross=John Cairncross
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shalom_Carmy=Shalom Carmy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barry_Sonnenfeld=Barry Sonnenfeld
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ralph_Neville,_1st_Earl_of_Westmorland=Ralph Neville, 1st Earl of Westmorland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Li_Lu=Li Lu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glenn_Curtiss=Glenn Curtiss
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uziel_Gal=Uziel Gal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bernhard_Goetz=Bernhard Goetz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shepard_Smith=Shepard Smith
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kalervo_Palsa=Kalervo Palsa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Douglas_Hurd=Douglas Hurd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marianne_Lamont_Horinko=Marianne Lamont Horinko
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_McKevitt=Michael McKevitt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Cowpland=Michael Cowpland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mo_Mowlam=Mo Mowlam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daniel_David_Moses=Daniel David Moses
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patricia_Hewitt=Patricia Hewitt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Morena_Baccarin=Morena Baccarin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antonine_Maillet=Antonine Maillet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph-Ignace_Guillotin=Joseph-Ignace Guillotin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Forte,_Baron_Forte=Charles Forte, Baron Forte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Parlett=David Parlett
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chief_Ouray=Chief Ouray
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Newlove=John Newlove
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Oriel_Eaton_II=Joseph Oriel Eaton II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lu_Muzhen=Lu Muzhen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Dodds_McCormick=Peter Dodds McCormick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Stevens_(inventor)=John Stevens (inventor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Stevens_(New_Jersey)=John Stevens (New Jersey)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mallika_Sarabhai=Mallika Sarabhai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reginald_Ray=Reginald Ray
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jimmy_Reid=Jimmy Reid
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Khan_Abdul_Ghaffar_Khan=Khan Abdul Ghaffar Khan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sheldon_Oberman=Sheldon Oberman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_Ramsay_of_Mar=Alexander Ramsay of Mar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pekka_Himanen=Pekka Himanen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_H._Knight=Robert H. Knight
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harvey_Ball=Harvey Ball
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Nichols=Peter Nichols
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elyakim_Rubinstein=Elyakim Rubinstein
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Olav_Aukrust=Olav Aukrust
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Carr,_1st_Earl_of_Somerset=Robert Carr, 1st Earl of Somerset
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tancred_of_Hauteville=Tancred of Hauteville
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mischa_Barton=Mischa Barton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pete_Wendling=Pete Wendling
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Stossel=John Stossel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shinya_Tsukamoto=Shinya Tsukamoto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stephen_Sommers=Stephen Sommers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bertrand_Meyer=Bertrand Meyer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patti_LuPone=Patti LuPone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daniel_Poliquin=Daniel Poliquin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacques_Poulin=Jacques Poulin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wendy_Mesley=Wendy Mesley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Darlene_Quaife=Darlene Quaife
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Herbert_Haupt=Herbert Haupt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gurcharan_Rampuri=Gurcharan Rampuri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nino_Ricci=Nino Ricci
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Berlitz=Charles Berlitz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_William_Roberts=Paul William Roberts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ken_Roberts_(author)=Ken Roberts (author)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rex_Murphy=Rex Murphy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leon_Rooke=Leon Rooke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brian_Jacques=Brian Jacques
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Burnham=James Burnham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carol_Smillie=Carol Smillie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carol_Vorderman=Carol Vorderman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theodore_Branas=Theodore Branas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Montgomery_Blair=Montgomery Blair
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jennifer_Jason_Leigh=Jennifer Jason Leigh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Motoori_Norinaga=Motoori Norinaga
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jane_Krakowski=Jane Krakowski
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Tenney=James Tenney
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martine_McCutcheon=Martine McCutcheon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Hewitt=James Hewitt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amanda_Holden=Amanda Holden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gina_Lollobrigida=Gina Lollobrigida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mikhail_Aleksandrovich_Stakhovich=Mikhail Aleksandrovich Stakhovich
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Franz_Albert_Seyn=Franz Albert Seyn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nikolai_Vissarionovich_Nekrasov=Nikolai Vissarionovich Nekrasov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frederic_George_Stephens=Frederic George Stephens
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nikolaus_Pevsner=Nikolaus Pevsner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jerry_Hunt=Jerry Hunt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alvin_Lucier=Alvin Lucier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jonathan_Tweet=Jonathan Tweet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benicio_del_Toro=Benicio del Toro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Curt_von_Bardeleben=Curt von Bardeleben
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Higinbotham=William Higinbotham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Josip_Runjanin=Josip Runjanin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Malcolm_Alexander_MacLean=Malcolm Alexander MacLean
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Collins_(politician)=Henry Collins (politician)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Oppenheimer=David Oppenheimer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Townley=Thomas Townley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Garden=James Garden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Neelands=Thomas Neelands
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_McGuigan=William McGuigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Alexander_Anderson_(mayor)=Robert Alexander Anderson (mayor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lady_Victoria_Hervey=Lady Victoria Hervey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ralph_H._Baer=Ralph H. Baer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jay_Sebring=Jay Sebring
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abigail_Folger=Abigail Folger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/T._E._B._Clarke=T. E. B. Clarke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Helen_Garner=Helen Garner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Larsson=John Larsson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isaac_N._Brown=Isaac N. Brown
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lilya_Brik=Lilya Brik
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Osip_Brik=Osip Brik
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vladimir_Tatlin=Vladimir Tatlin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matthew_Prior=Matthew Prior
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Flynt=Henry Flynt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_d'Albert,_duc_de_Luynes=Charles d'Albert, duc de Luynes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Concino_Concini=Concino Concini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pauline_Oliveros=Pauline Oliveros
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Herbert,_1st_Baron_Herbert_of_Cherbury=Edward Herbert, 1st Baron Herbert of Cherbury
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Craig_Rosebraugh=Craig Rosebraugh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frederick_Henry,_Prince_of_Orange=Frederick Henry, Prince of Orange
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Lilley=Peter Lilley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Peter_Lange=Johann Peter Lange
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gregory_Hines=Gregory Hines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Franciscus_Patricius=Franciscus Patricius
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anthea_Turner=Anthea Turner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bernardino_Telesio=Bernardino Telesio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stefan_Wul=Stefan Wul
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Douglas_(mayor)=Charles Douglas (mayor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_the_Cappadocian=John the Cappadocian
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guifeng_Zongmi=Guifeng Zongmi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liu_Chen=Liu Chen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Valerie_Singleton=Valerie Singleton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mike_Harris=Mike Harris
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mike_Gravel=Mike Gravel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Francis_Train=George Francis Train
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_de_Bohun,_1st_Earl_of_Hereford=Henry de Bohun, 1st Earl of Hereford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_de_Bohun,_1st_Earl_of_Northampton=William de Bohun, 1st Earl of Northampton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amoghavajra=Amoghavajra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_Harlow=Jean Harlow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dean_Ween=Dean Ween
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paavo_Talvela=Paavo Talvela
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Avinash_Kak=Avinash Kak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_Cockburn=Alexander Cockburn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Godber=John Godber
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frances_Willard_(suffragist)=Frances Willard (suffragist)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harold_Bennett=Harold Bennett
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andreas_Schroeder=Andreas Schroeder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aileen_Stanley=Aileen Stanley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Owen_Wilson=Owen Wilson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Alessi=Joseph Alessi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christian_Lindberg=Christian Lindberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Herb_Brooks=Herb Brooks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Beauchamp,_1st_Duke_of_Warwick=Henry Beauchamp, 1st Duke of Warwick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Danielle_Bunten_Berry=Danielle Bunten Berry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Ashley=Robert Ashley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_E._Mack=John E. Mack
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Erich_von_Stroheim=Erich von Stroheim
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cephas_Washburn=Cephas Washburn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Takashi_Shimura=Takashi Shimura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Washburn=Edward Washburn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Washington_Bartlett=Washington Bartlett
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marie_Walewska=Marie Walewska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sanford_Faulkner=Sanford Faulkner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zipporah=Zipporah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walter_Reuther=Walter Reuther
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frank_Soltis=Frank Soltis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Julius_Chan=Julius Chan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicholas_Biddle_(banker)=Nicholas Biddle (banker)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Tiemann=Michael Tiemann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kenny_MacAskill=Kenny MacAskill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roseanna_Cunningham=Roseanna Cunningham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Langdon_Cheves=Langdon Cheves
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Jackson_(writer)=Michael Jackson (writer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Franklin_Graham=Franklin Graham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daniel_Shays=Daniel Shays
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bond_girl=Bond girl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chris_Columbus_(filmmaker)=Chris Columbus (filmmaker)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean-Luc_Dehaene=Jean-Luc Dehaene
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Birk_Sproxton=Birk Sproxton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Stevenson_(poet)=Richard Stevenson (poet)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kelly_McGillis=Kelly McGillis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alan_Miller_(game_designer)=Alan Miller (game designer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Sward=Robert Sward
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baroness_Mary_Vetsera=Baroness Mary Vetsera
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wonalancet=Wonalancet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Julien_Louis_Geoffroy=Julien Louis Geoffroy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Ueberroth=Peter Ueberroth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Douglas_J._Feith=Douglas J. Feith
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cruz_Bustamante=Cruz Bustamante
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jerry_Leiber_and_Mike_Stoller=Jerry Leiber and Mike Stoller
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kieran_Kelly_(jockey)=Kieran Kelly (jockey)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ernest_Aldrich_Simpson=Ernest Aldrich Simpson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angelyne=Angelyne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Igor_Gouzenko=Igor Gouzenko
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thelma_Furness,_Viscountess_Furness=Thelma Furness, Viscountess Furness
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cleopatra_VI_of_Egypt=Cleopatra VI of Egypt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dizzy_Dean=Dizzy Dean
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dirk_Hoogendam=Dirk Hoogendam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robin_Quivers=Robin Quivers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gerry_Marshall=Gerry Marshall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sharon_Thesen=Sharon Thesen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Audrey_Thomas=Audrey Thomas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Randy_Barnes=Randy Barnes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ulf_Timmermann=Ulf Timmermann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A._P._Herbert=A. P. Herbert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hal_Barwood=Hal Barwood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Nepomuk_Hummel=Johann Nepomuk Hummel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fabian_Steinheil=Fabian Steinheil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_McClintock=Tom McClintock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Gould_Fletcher=John Gould Fletcher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ray_Ginger=Ray Ginger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Donald_Davidson_(poet)=Donald Davidson (poet)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jan_Zwicky=Jan Zwicky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicolaus_Bruhns=Nicolaus Bruhns
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stark_Young=Stark Young
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeb_Stuart_Magruder=Jeb Stuart Magruder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arnulf_of_Chocques=Arnulf of Chocques
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fatema_Mernissi=Fatema Mernissi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Keres=Paul Keres
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Susan_Sontag=Susan Sontag
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_Hilty=Carl Hilty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hugh_I,_Count_of_Vermandois=Hugh I, Count of Vermandois
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hamad_bin_Khalifa_Al_Thani=Hamad bin Khalifa Al Thani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Taverner=John Taverner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Danny_Aiello=Danny Aiello
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Critias=Critias
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dita_Von_Teese=Dita Von Teese
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joscelin_I,_Count_of_Edessa=Joscelin I, Count of Edessa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mike_Levey=Mike Levey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/N._Senada=N. Senada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Randy_Barnett=Randy Barnett
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Packer=James Packer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frans_Snyders=Frans Snyders
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Warlock=Peter Warlock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jude_Law=Jude Law
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elizabeth_Sprague_Coolidge=Elizabeth Sprague Coolidge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jonathan_Larson=Jonathan Larson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steven_Berkoff=Steven Berkoff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lucy_Lawless=Lucy Lawless
http://dbpedia.org/resource/E._Power_Biggs=E. Power Biggs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lov_Grover=Lov Grover
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abd_El_Aziz_Muhammad_Hegazi=Abd El Aziz Muhammad Hegazi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stanislav_Shushkevich=Stanislav Shushkevich
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lalleshwari=Lalleshwari
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jaishree_Odin=Jaishree Odin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Betty_Williams_(Nobel_laureate)=Betty Williams (Nobel laureate)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arius=Arius
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Sirica=John Sirica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ram_Swarup=Ram Swarup
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mel_Fisher=Mel Fisher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jonathan_Trumbull,_Jr.=Jonathan Trumbull, Jr.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lorenzo_de'_Medici,_Duke_of_Urbino=Lorenzo de' Medici, Duke of Urbino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lamar_Alexander=Lamar Alexander
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Piero_di_Cosimo_de'_Medici=Piero di Cosimo de' Medici
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jonathan_Dayton=Jonathan Dayton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_Campbell_(clergyman)=Alexander Campbell (clergyman)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guan_Hanqing=Guan Hanqing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Donald_Wade=John Donald Wade
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ernest_Becker=Ernest Becker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Astin=John Astin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giuliano_de'_Medici,_Duke_of_Nemours=Giuliano de' Medici, Duke of Nemours
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giuliano_de'_Medici=Giuliano de' Medici
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kazuo_Umezu=Kazuo Umezu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Junji_Ito=Junji Ito
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrew_McCarthy=Andrew McCarthy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Max_Baucus=Max Baucus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mike_Nystul=Mike Nystul
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Huffington=Michael Huffington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marino_Faliero=Marino Faliero
http://dbpedia.org/resource/J._Arthur_Rank,_1st_Baron_Rank=J. Arthur Rank, 1st Baron Rank
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hiroshi_Teshigahara=Hiroshi Teshigahara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Salvatore_Giuliano=Salvatore Giuliano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brian_Ferneyhough=Brian Ferneyhough
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lewis_H._Lapham=Lewis H. Lapham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baba_Amte=Baba Amte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pandurang_Shastri_Athavale=Pandurang Shastri Athavale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lorenzo_di_Pierfrancesco_de'_Medici=Lorenzo di Pierfrancesco de' Medici
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Narayana_Guru=Narayana Guru
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Suckling_(poet)=John Suckling (poet)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Margery_Kempe=Margery Kempe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Nabbes=Thomas Nabbes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Knolles=Richard Knolles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meyer_Guggenheim=Meyer Guggenheim
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean-Jacques_Boissard=Jean-Jacques Boissard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aryabhata=Aryabhata
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edmund_Curll=Edmund Curll
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anthony_Wood=Anthony Wood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lei_Feng=Lei Feng
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sir_Richard_Grenville,_1st_Baronet=Sir Richard Grenville, 1st Baronet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hemant_Lakhani=Hemant Lakhani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Crowe_Ransom=John Crowe Ransom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Allen_Tate=Allen Tate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arthur_Rubinstein=Arthur Rubinstein
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Holland,_1st_Duke_of_Exeter=John Holland, 1st Duke of Exeter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Holland,_2nd_Duke_of_Exeter=John Holland, 2nd Duke of Exeter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_E._Reilly=James E. Reilly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Holland,_1st_Earl_of_Kent=Thomas Holland, 1st Earl of Kent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Aniston=John Aniston
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Holland,_2nd_Earl_of_Kent=Thomas Holland, 2nd Earl of Kent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brad_Rone=Brad Rone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hugh_d'Avranches,_1st_Earl_of_Chester=Hugh d'Avranches, 1st Earl of Chester
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inoue_Genan_Inseki=Inoue Genan Inseki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Allen_Funt=Allen Funt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Funt=Peter Funt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Russ_Chauvenet=Russ Chauvenet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Sidney=Henry Sidney
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Turlough_Luineach_O'Neill=Turlough Luineach O'Neill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Conn_O'Neill,_1st_Earl_of_Tyrone=Conn O'Neill, 1st Earl of Tyrone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Henry_Cooper=Charles Henry Cooper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Radclyffe,_3rd_Earl_of_Sussex=Thomas Radclyffe, 3rd Earl of Sussex
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Calvagh_O'Donnell=Calvagh O'Donnell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Niall_Garve_O'Donnell=Niall Garve O'Donnell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manus_O'Donnell=Manus O'Donnell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Dugdale=William Dugdale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mata_Amritanandamayi=Mata Amritanandamayi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karol_Szymanowski=Karol Szymanowski
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Stubbs=John Stubbs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christopher_Hatton=Christopher Hatton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marc_Rich=Marc Rich
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christopher_Hatton,_1st_Viscount_Hatton=Christopher Hatton, 1st Viscount Hatton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christopher_Hatton,_1st_Baron_Hatton=Christopher Hatton, 1st Baron Hatton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karl_H._Pribram=Karl H. Pribram
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Carte=Thomas Carte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anthony_St_Leger_(Lord_Deputy_of_Ireland)=Anthony St Leger (Lord Deputy of Ireland)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Sidney,_1st_Earl_of_Leicester=Robert Sidney, 1st Earl of Leicester
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marie_Marvingt=Marie Marvingt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brett_Somers=Brett Somers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maureen_Dowd=Maureen Dowd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Art_Paul_Schlosser=Art Paul Schlosser
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nona_Gaye=Nona Gaye
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Wentworth=William Wentworth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gao_Lishi=Gao Lishi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amanda_de_Cadenet=Amanda de Cadenet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sir_George_Duckett,_1st_Baronet=Sir George Duckett, 1st Baronet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Geoffrey_de_Mandeville,_1st_Earl_of_Essex=Geoffrey de Mandeville, 1st Earl of Essex
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sonny_Tufts=Sonny Tufts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_de_Mandeville,_3rd_Earl_of_Essex=William de Mandeville, 3rd Earl of Essex
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nithard=Nithard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_de_Mandeville=William de Mandeville
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lin_Yutang=Lin Yutang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johnson_Johnson=Johnson Johnson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Constance_Applebee=Constance Applebee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_A._Wagner=David A. Wagner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Bowyer_(printer)=William Bowyer (printer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Day_(dramatist)=John Day (dramatist)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Chettle=Henry Chettle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Neil_Postman=Neil Postman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Suckling_(politician)=John Suckling (politician)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anthony_Munday=Anthony Munday
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Haughton=William Haughton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Heywood=Thomas Heywood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rolf_Witting=Rolf Witting
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antonio_de_Guevara=Antonio de Guevara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Lyly=John Lyly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frederick_William_Fairholt=Frederick William Fairholt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tracey_Curro=Tracey Curro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Max_Reger=Max Reger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anthony_de_Mello=Anthony de Mello
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deborah_Tannen=Deborah Tannen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hans-Martin_Linde=Hans-Martin Linde
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leonid_Stein=Leonid Stein
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edmund_Crispin=Edmund Crispin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vanessa_Feltz=Vanessa Feltz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tony_Wilson=Tony Wilson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hans_Moravec=Hans Moravec
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thurston_Dart=Thurston Dart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Titus_Oates=Titus Oates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henri_Frenay=Henri Frenay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Delestraint=Charles Delestraint
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doc_Holliday=Doc Holliday
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scott_McCloud=Scott McCloud
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carol_Thatcher=Carol Thatcher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pedro_Albizu_Campos=Pedro Albizu Campos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mitchell_Hepburn=Mitchell Hepburn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Negrita_Jayde=Negrita Jayde
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joh_Bjelke-Petersen=Joh Bjelke-Petersen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jake_Thomas=Jake Thomas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_and_Frederick_Barclay=David and Frederick Barclay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joan_Plowright=Joan Plowright
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Crowther=William Crowther
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gloria_Steinem=Gloria Steinem
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bruce_Dern=Bruce Dern
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jane_Kaczmarek=Jane Kaczmarek
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giles_of_Rome=Giles of Rome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deepak_Chopra=Deepak Chopra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ali_Kelmendi=Ali Kelmendi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Peuerl=Paul Peuerl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mervyn_Tuchet,_4th_Earl_of_Castlehaven=Mervyn Tuchet, 4th Earl of Castlehaven
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mervyn_Tuchet,_2nd_Earl_of_Castlehaven=Mervyn Tuchet, 2nd Earl of Castlehaven
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Tuchet,_3rd_Earl_of_Castlehaven=James Tuchet, 3rd Earl of Castlehaven
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Tuchet,_5th_Earl_of_Castlehaven=James Tuchet, 5th Earl of Castlehaven
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Tuchet,_6th_Earl_of_Castlehaven=James Tuchet, 6th Earl of Castlehaven
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Tuchet,_7th_Earl_of_Castlehaven=James Tuchet, 7th Earl of Castlehaven
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Tuchet,_8th_Earl_of_Castlehaven=John Tuchet, 8th Earl of Castlehaven
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Herbert_(attorney-general)=Edward Herbert (attorney-general)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lloyd_Bentsen=Lloyd Bentsen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Herbert_(Master_of_the_Revels)=Henry Herbert (Master of the Revels)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roman_Herzog=Roman Herzog
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karl_Arnold=Karl Arnold
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Derrig=Thomas Derrig
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_MacRitchie=David MacRitchie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Brock=David Brock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Stempel=Robert Stempel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Hunter_(martyr)=William Hunter (martyr)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paula_Jones=Paula Jones
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mehmet_Shehu=Mehmet Shehu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Felix_de_Weldon=Felix de Weldon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jude_Milhon=Jude Milhon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antonio_Fortich=Antonio Fortich
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Boateng=Paul Boateng
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zhou_Zhengyi=Zhou Zhengyi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Courteney_Cox=Courteney Cox
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mikhail_Khodorkovsky=Mikhail Khodorkovsky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matt_LeBlanc=Matt LeBlanc
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Jacob_Astor_IV=John Jacob Astor IV
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_T._Whitcomb=Richard T. Whitcomb
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bharata_Muni=Bharata Muni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daniel_Odier=Daniel Odier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laurie_Metcalf=Laurie Metcalf
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_D._Rockefeller,_Jr.=John D. Rockefeller, Jr.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giulio_de'_Medici_(d._1600)=Giulio de' Medici (d. 1600)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ty_Conn=Ty Conn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Leduc_(film_director)=Paul Leduc (film director)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/L._K._Advani=L. K. Advani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Al_Lewis_(actor)=Al Lewis (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Dampier=William Dampier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacqueline_Harpman=Jacqueline Harpman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zellig_Harris=Zellig Harris
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Susan_Egan=Susan Egan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_St_Leger=William St Leger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Annette_Lu=Annette Lu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_A._Nolen=William A. Nolen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sheck_Exley=Sheck Exley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paolo_Lucio_Anafesto=Paolo Lucio Anafesto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Akhmad_Kadyrov=Akhmad Kadyrov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charlie_Bean=Charlie Bean
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giulia_de'_Medici=Giulia de' Medici
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Connally=John Connally
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kunisada=Kunisada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Utagawa_Kuniyoshi=Utagawa Kuniyoshi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jessie_Royce_Landis=Jessie Royce Landis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dale_Bumpers=Dale Bumpers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Utagawa_Toyokuni=Utagawa Toyokuni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sandra_Zaiter=Sandra Zaiter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zhang_Binglin=Zhang Binglin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gil_Amelio=Gil Amelio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Traian_Vuia=Traian Vuia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norman_Corwin=Norman Corwin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_William_Dunne=John William Dunne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madhava-kara=Madhava-kara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Wilkins=George Wilkins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anthony_Shirley=Anthony Shirley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Shirley=Thomas Shirley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Shirley=Robert Shirley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samuel_Purchas=Samuel Purchas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arthur_Symons=Arthur Symons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bernard_Quaritch=Bernard Quaritch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gabriel_Harvey=Gabriel Harvey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ilia_Pavlov=Ilia Pavlov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francis_Cherry_(governor)=Francis Cherry (governor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Connie_Douglas_Reeves=Connie Douglas Reeves
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacob_van_Artevelde=Jacob van Artevelde
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harriette_Wilson=Harriette Wilson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mike_Yarwood=Mike Yarwood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Qiu_Jin=Qiu Jin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kurtwood_Smith=Kurtwood Smith
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Bachman=Charles Bachman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dayananda_Saraswati_(Arsha_Vidya)=Dayananda Saraswati (Arsha Vidya)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tapovan_Maharaj=Tapovan Maharaj
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chinmayananda_Saraswati=Chinmayananda Saraswati
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sunderlal_Bahuguna=Sunderlal Bahuguna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ravi_Shankar_(spiritual_leader)=Ravi Shankar (spiritual leader)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ramana_Maharshi=Ramana Maharshi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gillian_Clark_(aid_worker)=Gillian Clark (aid worker)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Eliot_(missionary)=John Eliot (missionary)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Percy_Spencer=Percy Spencer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tadukhipa=Tadukhipa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mechthild_of_Magdeburg=Mechthild of Magdeburg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trotula=Trotula
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xu_Wei=Xu Wei
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Simon_Fraser_(explorer)=Simon Fraser (explorer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kiefer_Sutherland=Kiefer Sutherland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Landon=Michael Landon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hulk_Hogan=Hulk Hogan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrew_Robinson_(actor)=Andrew Robinson (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ernst_Busch_(field_marshal)=Ernst Busch (field marshal)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maria_Naryshkina=Maria Naryshkina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Larry_King=Larry King
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kinji_Fukasaku=Kinji Fukasaku
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harold_P._Brown=Harold P. Brown
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fyodor_Dan=Fyodor Dan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don_the_Beachcomber=Don the Beachcomber
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Les_Baxter=Les Baxter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sorrell_Booke=Sorrell Booke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christa_Ludwig=Christa Ludwig
http://dbpedia.org/resource/E._Howard_Hunt=E. Howard Hunt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luis_de_Torres=Luis de Torres
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Salman_Khan=Salman Khan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Felton_(assassin)=John Felton (assassin)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Danny_Thomas=Danny Thomas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_King,_Baron_King_of_Bridgwater=Tom King, Baron King of Bridgwater
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harvey_Sachs=Harvey Sachs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samuel_Antek=Samuel Antek
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Hupka=Robert Hupka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hiram_Maxim=Hiram Maxim
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hannah_Callowhill_Penn=Hannah Callowhill Penn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierre_Mertens=Pierre Mertens
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laurie_Holden=Laurie Holden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rosaura_Revueltas=Rosaura Revueltas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack_Lord=Jack Lord
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Joachim=Joseph Joachim
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hugh_Jackman=Hugh Jackman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fiona_Watson=Fiona Watson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Neem_Karoli_Baba=Neem Karoli Baba
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_Siddig=Alexander Siddig
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Shaltiel=David Shaltiel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henri_Regnault=Henri Regnault
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alan_Titchmarsh=Alan Titchmarsh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ramon_Berenguer_IV,_Count_of_Barcelona=Ramon Berenguer IV, Count of Barcelona
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benny_Morris=Benny Morris
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Max_Black=Max Black
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Everlyn_Sampi=Everlyn Sampi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eberhard_Schlotter=Eberhard Schlotter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sue_Lyon=Sue Lyon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fran_Drescher=Fran Drescher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Lodge=Thomas Lodge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stephen_Gosson=Stephen Gosson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wendy_Craig=Wendy Craig
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abraham_Fraunce=Abraham Fraunce
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_King_(highwayman)=Tom King (highwayman)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walter_Pitts=Walter Pitts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Puttenham=George Puttenham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Oldys=William Oldys
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edmund_Bolton=Edmund Bolton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Dyer=Edward Dyer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Sidney_Cooper=Thomas Sidney Cooper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Elyot=Thomas Elyot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Oldcastle=John Oldcastle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Aubrey=John Aubrey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ulysse_Chevalier=Ulysse Chevalier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leif_Ove_Andsnes=Leif Ove Andsnes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Mandeville=John Mandeville
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Rawlinson=Richard Rawlinson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Noah_Falstein=Noah Falstein
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mina_Anwar=Mina Anwar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bowie_Kuhn=Bowie Kuhn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yoshio_Shinozuka=Yoshio Shinozuka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fay_Vincent=Fay Vincent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bernard_O'Higgins=Bernard O'Higgins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Geoghan=John Geoghan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bernardo_O'Higgins=Bernardo O'Higgins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Britten=John Britten
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johan_Christian_Fabricius=Johan Christian Fabricius
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Triple_H=Triple H
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Blood=Thomas Blood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alessandro_Marcello=Alessandro Marcello
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Dorn=Michael Dorn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philibert_de_l'Orme=Philibert de l'Orme
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Margaret_of_Navarre=Margaret of Navarre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Creston=Paul Creston
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lili_St._Cyr=Lili St. Cyr
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christiane_Amanpour=Christiane Amanpour
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scipio_Africanus_Jones=Scipio Africanus Jones
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Foxy_Brown_(rapper)=Foxy Brown (rapper)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fergus_Hume=Fergus Hume
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sergey_Mikhalkov=Sergey Mikhalkov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_Vasilyevich_Alexandrov=Alexander Vasilyevich Alexandrov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Calil=George Calil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mike_Weaver_(boxer)=Mike Weaver (boxer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Light=William Light
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Tanner_(bishop)=Thomas Tanner (bishop)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Chillingworth=William Chillingworth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Harrington_(author)=James Harrington (author)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Victor_Duruy=Victor Duruy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ludwig_Freiherr_von_und_zu_der_Tann-Rathsamhausen=Ludwig Freiherr von und zu der Tann-Rathsamhausen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Popoff=Peter Popoff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ford_Frick=Ford Frick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Mooring=George Mooring
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Lambert_(martyr)=John Lambert (martyr)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alastair,_2nd_Duke_of_Connaught_and_Strathearn=Alastair, 2nd Duke of Connaught and Strathearn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fiona_Loewi=Fiona Loewi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Kunzig=Robert Kunzig
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Enrique_Iglesias=Enrique Iglesias
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hans-Joachim_Kulenkampff=Hans-Joachim Kulenkampff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Mercer_(mathematician)=James Mercer (mathematician)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Felix_von_Luckner=Felix von Luckner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Washington_Hays=George Washington Hays
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Kavanaugh_Oldham=William Kavanaugh Oldham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bill_Paxton=Bill Paxton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stephanie_McMahon=Stephanie McMahon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ted_Joans=Ted Joans
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vince_McMahon=Vince McMahon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albert_Meltzer=Albert Meltzer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Helen_Thomas=Helen Thomas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Kunstler=William Kunstler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Taylor_Robinson=Joseph Taylor Robinson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wei_Shuo=Wei Shuo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Wellesley,_1st_Marquess_Wellesley=Richard Wellesley, 1st Marquess Wellesley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shane_McMahon=Shane McMahon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edgar_Quinet=Edgar Quinet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dreuxilla_Divine=Dreuxilla Divine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_James=Thomas James
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Bodley=Thomas Bodley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chaim_Michael_Dov_Weissmandl=Chaim Michael Dov Weissmandl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_Yanne=Jean Yanne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Crowne=John Crowne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elkanah_Settle=Elkanah Settle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Claude_Jade=Claude Jade
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carlo_Gozzi=Carlo Gozzi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Clarke=Charles Clarke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gasparo_Gozzi=Gasparo Gozzi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Tanner_(writer)=Thomas Tanner (writer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tobe_Hooper=Tobe Hooper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matthew_Tindal=Matthew Tindal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Bellenden=William Bellenden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laurence_Llewelyn-Bowen=Laurence Llewelyn-Bowen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saverio_Bettinelli=Saverio Bettinelli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carlo_Innocenzo_Frugoni=Carlo Innocenzo Frugoni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Evar_Saar=Evar Saar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guido_Bentivoglio=Guido Bentivoglio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maggie_Kuhn=Maggie Kuhn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clarence_Barlow=Clarence Barlow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ryan_Tubridy=Ryan Tubridy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aileen_Eaton=Aileen Eaton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Manners,_7th_Duke_of_Rutland=John Manners, 7th Duke of Rutland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xenophon_Overton_Pindall=Xenophon Overton Pindall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jesse_M._Martin=Jesse M. Martin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Bell_Hatcher=John Bell Hatcher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daniel_Webster_Jones_(governor)=Daniel Webster Jones (governor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Meade_Fishback=William Meade Fishback
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Philip_Eagle=James Philip Eagle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hedayat_Amin_Arsala=Hedayat Amin Arsala
http://dbpedia.org/resource/E._J._Lowe_(philosopher)=E. J. Lowe (philosopher)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Josiah_Firth=Josiah Firth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vasubandhu=Vasubandhu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kim_Collins=Kim Collins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patriarch_Alexy_II_of_Moscow=Patriarch Alexy II of Moscow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nelson_Shin=Nelson Shin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Philipp_Reis=Johann Philipp Reis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giovanni_Battista_Guarini=Giovanni Battista Guarini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Sutcliffe=Peter Sutcliffe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Kirke_White=Henry Kirke White
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicholas_Harris_Nicolas=Nicholas Harris Nicolas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Cotton=Charles Cotton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Langland=William Langland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Koenraad_Elst=Koenraad Elst
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chris_von_der_Ahe=Chris von der Ahe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rose_O'Neal_Greenhow=Rose O'Neal Greenhow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alberto_Olmedo=Alberto Olmedo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frankie_Avalon=Frankie Avalon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mick_Foley=Mick Foley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zhiyi=Zhiyi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Walker_(programmer)=John Walker (programmer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zhao_Gao=Zhao Gao
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arthur_Wakefield=Arthur Wakefield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilfred_Thesiger=Wilfred Thesiger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexey_Chervonenkis=Alexey Chervonenkis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vicente_Lusitano=Vicente Lusitano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Rosen=Charles Rosen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harold_Shapero=Harold Shapero
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Dellinger=David Dellinger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Ernest_Atkins=Henry Ernest Atkins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean-Jacques_Lebel=Jean-Jacques Lebel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nadia_Younes=Nadia Younes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_H._Bliss=Henry H. Bliss
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guillaume_du_Vair=Guillaume du Vair
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis_Hennepin=Louis Hennepin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fernand_Oury=Fernand Oury
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierre_Jeannin=Pierre Jeannin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilhelm_Gottlieb_Tennemann=Wilhelm Gottlieb Tennemann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Thomas_Buckle=Henry Thomas Buckle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Edward_Hartpole_Lecky=William Edward Hartpole Lecky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Shelton_(critic)=Robert Shelton (critic)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martin_P._Robinson=Martin P. Robinson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Konosuke_Matsushita=Konosuke Matsushita
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gerard_Philips=Gerard Philips
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Murrell_(bandit)=John Murrell (bandit)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lloyd_Hall=Lloyd Hall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rudi_Dutschke=Rudi Dutschke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Katherine_Young=Katherine Young
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doris_Angleton=Doris Angleton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diane_Lane=Diane Lane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bliss_Knapp=Bliss Knapp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ptolemy_XIV_of_Egypt=Ptolemy XIV of Egypt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maria_Mies=Maria Mies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Murrell_(playwright)=John Murrell (playwright)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michelle_Rodriguez=Michelle Rodriguez
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fred_Hampton=Fred Hampton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Larry_Shue=Larry Shue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_Paulin=Tom Paulin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierre_Poujade=Pierre Poujade
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Judith_Giuliani=Judith Giuliani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Docwra=Thomas Docwra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gary_Sick=Gary Sick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francis_Cabot_Lowell_(businessman)=Francis Cabot Lowell (businessman)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edge_(wrestler)=Edge (wrestler)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nachman_of_Breslov=Nachman of Breslov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gary_Kleck=Gary Kleck
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zhou_Tai=Zhou Tai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Duckworth_(composer)=William Duckworth (composer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seward_Collins=Seward Collins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maximus_II_of_Antioch=Maximus II of Antioch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adolf_Lu_Hitler_Marak=Adolf Lu Hitler Marak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zhang_Zhong=Zhang Zhong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elie_Hobeika=Elie Hobeika
http://dbpedia.org/resource/August_Beer=August Beer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karl_Friedrich_Schinkel=Karl Friedrich Schinkel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ruslan_Ponomariov=Ruslan Ponomariov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_E._Grant=Richard E. Grant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Muktananda=Muktananda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marmaduke_Pickthall=Marmaduke Pickthall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ezola_B._Foster=Ezola B. Foster
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pat_Choate=Pat Choate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stacy_Keibler=Stacy Keibler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Washington_Gale_Ferris,_Jr.=George Washington Gale Ferris, Jr.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frank_Olson=Frank Olson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mohammad_Baqir_al-Hakim=Mohammad Baqir al-Hakim
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sandra_Dempsey=Sandra Dempsey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hagar=Hagar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sidney_Rigdon=Sidney Rigdon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chandrika_Kumaratunga=Chandrika Kumaratunga
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Newman_(Australian_politician)=John Newman (Australian politician)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sheri_S._Tepper=Sheri S. Tepper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Te_Rangihaeata=Te Rangihaeata
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steve_Kirsch=Steve Kirsch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Geoffrey_Howe=Geoffrey Howe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mary_Ellis=Mary Ellis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Horne_Tooke=John Horne Tooke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Grenville-Temple,_2nd_Earl_Temple=Richard Grenville-Temple, 2nd Earl Temple
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frank_Hamilton_Cushing=Frank Hamilton Cushing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_Negulesco=Jean Negulesco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_E._Miller=William E. Miller
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leopold_Auer=Leopold Auer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andre_Norton=Andre Norton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nathan_Sanford=Nathan Sanford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guillaume_Gouffier,_seigneur_de_Bonnivet=Guillaume Gouffier, seigneur de Bonnivet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Odet_of_Foix,_Viscount_of_Lautrec=Odet of Foix, Viscount of Lautrec
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrea_Doria=Andrea Doria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theodore_Sedgwick=Theodore Sedgwick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caspar_Schoppe=Caspar Schoppe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Wotton=Henry Wotton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Bedell=William Bedell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierre_Jurieu=Pierre Jurieu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Corfield=Charles Corfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Coia=Paul Coia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Shakespeare=John Shakespeare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raymond_III,_Count_of_Tripoli=Raymond III, Count of Tripoli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Delta_Goodrem=Delta Goodrem
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Peterson=David Peterson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grover_Norquist=Grover Norquist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clara_Collet=Clara Collet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Su_Shi=Su Shi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jim_Gray_(computer_scientist)=Jim Gray (computer scientist)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Simon_Thassi=Simon Thassi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christian_Kramp=Christian Kramp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lex_Lang=Lex Lang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ziaur_Rahman=Ziaur Rahman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lanza_del_Vasto=Lanza del Vasto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gerbrand_van_den_Eeckhout=Gerbrand van den Eeckhout
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ezzo,_Count_Palatine_of_Lotharingia=Ezzo, Count Palatine of Lotharingia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Copley_Christie=Richard Copley Christie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Maurice,_Prince_of_Nassau-Siegen=John Maurice, Prince of Nassau-Siegen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Turturro=John Turturro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nils_Bejerot=Nils Bejerot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Augustus_Grant=James Augustus Grant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Catherine_Breillat=Catherine Breillat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chantal_Akerman=Chantal Akerman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_Hill=Jean Hill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lady_Anne_Clifford,_14th_Baroness_de_Clifford=Lady Anne Clifford, 14th Baroness de Clifford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reed_Smoot=Reed Smoot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Lange=David Lange
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caroline_Rhea=Caroline Rhea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bebe_Neuwirth=Bebe Neuwirth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Helen_Slater=Helen Slater
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Robinson,_2nd_Baron_Grantham=Thomas Robinson, 2nd Baron Grantham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Feng_Yuxiang=Feng Yuxiang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Nugent-Temple-Grenville,_1st_Marquess_of_Buckingham=George Nugent-Temple-Grenville, 1st Marquess of Buckingham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dudley_Ryder,_1st_Earl_of_Harrowby=Dudley Ryder, 1st Earl of Harrowby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francis_Osborne,_5th_Duke_of_Leeds=Francis Osborne, 5th Duke of Leeds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Bathurst,_3rd_Earl_Bathurst=Henry Bathurst, 3rd Earl Bathurst
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Ward,_1st_Earl_of_Dudley=John Ward, 1st Earl of Dudley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Granville_Leveson-Gower,_2nd_Earl_Granville=Granville Leveson-Gower, 2nd Earl Granville
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lon_Chaney=Lon Chaney
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maury_Yeston=Maury Yeston
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Harris,_3rd_Earl_of_Malmesbury=James Harris, 3rd Earl of Malmesbury
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Wodehouse,_1st_Earl_of_Kimberley=John Wodehouse, 1st Earl of Kimberley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meera=Meera
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fred_Saberhagen=Fred Saberhagen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_I._Hagen=Carl I. Hagen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ornella_Muti=Ornella Muti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Servilia_Caepionis=Servilia Caepionis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alain_Delon=Alain Delon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Robinson_(speechwriter)=Peter Robinson (speechwriter)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rainer_Rupp=Rainer Rupp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jules_Harlow=Jules Harlow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colin_Fox_(political_activist)=Colin Fox (political activist)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bobby_Jordan=Bobby Jordan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lale_Andersen=Lale Andersen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frederick_Arthur=Frederick Arthur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Barnes_(author)=John Barnes (author)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Corentin_Louis_Kervran=Corentin Louis Kervran
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rufus_Isaacs,_1st_Marquess_of_Reading=Rufus Isaacs, 1st Marquess of Reading
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Goulburn=Henry Goulburn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moses_K._Armstrong=Moses K. Armstrong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Granville_G._Bennett=Granville G. Bennett
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walter_A._Burleigh=Walter A. Burleigh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oscar_S._Gifford=Oscar S. Gifford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Garrick=Richard Garrick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Jayne=William Jayne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_A._Mathews=George A. Mathews
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_B._Raymond=John B. Raymond
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_F._Pettigrew=Richard F. Pettigrew
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daniel_Clark_(Louisiana)=Daniel Clark (Louisiana)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lee_Atwater=Lee Atwater
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Julien_de_Lallande_Poydras=Julien de Lallande Poydras
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ron_de_Lugo=Ron de Lugo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Melvin_H._Evans=Melvin H. Evans
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_Bernstein=Carl Bernstein
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis_Malle=Louis Malle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rob_Machado=Rob Machado
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sledd_of_Essex=Sledd of Essex
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Bernhard_Bach=Johann Bernhard Bach
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Art_Bell=Art Bell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Aegidius_Bach=Johann Aegidius Bach
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Nachtwey=James Nachtwey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ronald_W._Clark=Ronald W. Clark
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_G._Watt=James G. Watt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dawn_Silva=Dawn Silva
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hal_Roach=Hal Roach
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mallia_Franklin=Mallia Franklin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brigitte_Helm=Brigitte Helm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeanette_McGruder=Jeanette McGruder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sheila_Horne=Sheila Horne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lynn_Mabry=Lynn Mabry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeanette_Washington=Jeanette Washington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marvin_Bush=Marvin Bush
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jan_Troell=Jan Troell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paolo_Sarpi=Paolo Sarpi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andy_Lau=Andy Lau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilhelm_Xylander=Wilhelm Xylander
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Morgan_(anti-Mason)=William Morgan (anti-Mason)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Imperio_Argentina=Imperio Argentina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brandon_Tartikoff=Brandon Tartikoff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silas_C._Swallow=Silas C. Swallow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Sacher=Paul Sacher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dimitri_Tsafendas=Dimitri Tsafendas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Spencer,_Viscount_Althorp=John Spencer, Viscount Althorp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nugent_Slaughter=Nugent Slaughter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Stanhope,_1st_Earl_Stanhope=James Stanhope, 1st Earl Stanhope
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sean_McKeown=Sean McKeown
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Raspe,_Landgrave_of_Thuringia=Henry Raspe, Landgrave of Thuringia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carolyn_Merchant=Carolyn Merchant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deborah_Mathis=Deborah Mathis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Granville_Bantock=Granville Bantock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Soong_Ai-ling=Soong Ai-ling
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Watson=Paul Watson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilhelm_Stenhammar=Wilhelm Stenhammar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charlotte_Mitchell=Charlotte Mitchell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hilary_Benn=Hilary Benn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Kurtz=Paul Kurtz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Wood,_1st_Viscount_Halifax=Charles Wood, 1st Viscount Halifax
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Linda_Eder=Linda Eder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Lucas_(philosopher)=John Lucas (philosopher)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jerry_Bruckheimer=Jerry Bruckheimer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hideaki_Anno=Hideaki Anno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paulie_Ayala=Paulie Ayala
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Noah_Wyle=Noah Wyle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mehdi_Ghezali=Mehdi Ghezali
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Campin=Robert Campin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Struck=Peter Struck
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_Salmon_Macrin=Jean Salmon Macrin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bram_Dijkstra=Bram Dijkstra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wolfgang_Haken=Wolfgang Haken
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Petrus_Ramus=Petrus Ramus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Franco_Burgersdijk=Franco Burgersdijk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Blondel=David Blondel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gerardus_Vossius=Gerardus Vossius
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Jakob_Herzog=Johann Jakob Herzog
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philips_of_Marnix,_Lord_of_Saint-Aldegonde=Philips of Marnix, Lord of Saint-Aldegonde
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daniel_Heinsius=Daniel Heinsius
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roger_Morrice=Roger Morrice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martin_Opitz=Martin Opitz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kenneth_Richard_Norris=Kenneth Richard Norris
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Neot=Neot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ann_Fagan_Ginger=Ann Fagan Ginger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Krassner=Paul Krassner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Cooper_(psychiatrist)=David Cooper (psychiatrist)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Gebhard=Paul Gebhard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Boeing=William Boeing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Bancroft_(sexologist)=John Bancroft (sexologist)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ross_Kemp=Ross Kemp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hasim_Rahman=Hasim Rahman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sumya_Anani=Sumya Anani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eiji_Toyoda=Eiji Toyoda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marcus_Aemilius_Scaurus_(consul_115_BC)=Marcus Aemilius Scaurus (consul 115 BC)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bazilio_Olara-Okello=Bazilio Olara-Okello
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Geoff_Watt=Geoff Watt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Stainer=John Stainer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chris_Stockwell=Chris Stockwell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alex_Trebek=Alex Trebek
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacques_Thibaud=Jacques Thibaud
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jascha_Heifetz=Jascha Heifetz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arthur_Helton=Arthur Helton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fenriz=Fenriz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_Flesch=Carl Flesch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edmund_Pettus=Edmund Pettus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Henry_Hitchener=William Henry Hitchener
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Metacomet=Metacomet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrew_Lesnie=Andrew Lesnie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jason_Robards=Jason Robards
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilfred_Gordon_Bigelow=Wilfred Gordon Bigelow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_E._Casey=James E. Casey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicholas_Meyer=Nicholas Meyer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Wawro=Richard Wawro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silvia_Cartwright=Silvia Cartwright
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cornelia_Africana=Cornelia Africana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Claverhouse_Jebb=Richard Claverhouse Jebb
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacob_Burckhardt=Jacob Burckhardt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benno_Moiseiwitsch=Benno Moiseiwitsch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Lill=John Lill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maurizio_Pollini=Maurizio Pollini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Myra_Hess=Myra Hess
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilhelm_Kempff=Wilhelm Kempff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walter_Gieseking=Walter Gieseking
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jorge_Bolet=Jorge Bolet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilhelm_Backhaus=Wilhelm Backhaus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clifford_Curzon=Clifford Curzon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benjamin_Bratt=Benjamin Bratt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albert_F._Sabo=Albert F. Sabo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacques_Gaffarel=Jacques Gaffarel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Stamps_Farish_II=William Stamps Farish II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_S._Farish_IV=William S. Farish IV
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bettino_Craxi=Bettino Craxi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samuel_P._Bush=Samuel P. Bush
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arnolfo_di_Cambio=Arnolfo di Cambio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prithvi_Narayan_Shah=Prithvi Narayan Shah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Redmond_(Go_player)=Michael Redmond (Go player)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Arkwright=Richard Arkwright
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lee_Chang-ho=Lee Chang-ho
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cho_Hunhyun=Cho Hunhyun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jan_Zach=Jan Zach
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Biddle=James Biddle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Eaton_(politician)=John Eaton (politician)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hiraga_Gennai=Hiraga Gennai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fukuchi_Genichiro=Fukuchi Genichiro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fukuzawa_Yukichi=Fukuzawa Yukichi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steve_Eisner=Steve Eisner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Sterndale_Bennett=William Sterndale Bennett
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roberto_Vigoreaux=Roberto Vigoreaux
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfred_D._Herger=Alfred D. Herger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lucius_Cornelius_Scipio_Barbatus=Lucius Cornelius Scipio Barbatus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Candice_Bergen=Candice Bergen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_R._Blake=Robert R. Blake
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacques_Auguste_de_Thou=Jacques Auguste de Thou
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_le_Beau=Charles le Beau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Rollin=Charles Rollin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barbara_Bach=Barbara Bach
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Welsh_of_Ayr=John Welsh of Ayr
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Welsh_(actor)=John Welsh (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Welsh_of_Irongray=John Welsh of Irongray
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack_Belrose=Jack Belrose
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Remo_Giazotto=Remo Giazotto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Albert_Gobat=Charles Albert Gobat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reginald_Wolfe=Reginald Wolfe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Holbrooke=Richard Holbrooke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Akechi_Mitsuhide=Akechi Mitsuhide
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johannes_Secundus=Johannes Secundus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rodolphe-Madeleine_Cleophas_Dareste_de_la_Chavanne=Rodolphe-Madeleine Cleophas Dareste de la Chavanne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gaspard_II_de_Coligny=Gaspard II de Coligny
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Kaye=David Kaye
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francis_Atterbury=Francis Atterbury
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Obadiah_Walker=Obadiah Walker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Oldmixon=John Oldmixon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Sacheverell=Henry Sacheverell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hillel_the_Elder=Hillel the Elder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Irma_Brandeis=Irma Brandeis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Erik_Jarvik=Erik Jarvik
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greenwood_LeFlore=Greenwood LeFlore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hank_the_Angry_Drunken_Dwarf=Hank the Angry Drunken Dwarf
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walter_Parr=Walter Parr
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Date_Masamune=Date Masamune
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeremiah_Burrell=Jeremiah Burrell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dalton_McGuinty=Dalton McGuinty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samuel_Maverick=Samuel Maverick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Honda_Toshiaki=Honda Toshiaki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jody_Williams=Jody Williams
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apollonius_of_Rhodes=Apollonius of Rhodes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Simeon_bar_Yochai=Simeon bar Yochai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bob_Flanagan=Bob Flanagan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madame_Nhu=Madame Nhu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexandre_Hardy=Alexandre Hardy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giovanni_Battista_Giraldi=Giovanni Battista Giraldi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Cole_(actor)=George Cole (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Whetstone=George Whetstone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francisco_de_Rojas_Zorrilla=Francisco de Rojas Zorrilla
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Franklin_Clarence_Mars=Franklin Clarence Mars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alex_Proyas=Alex Proyas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Murray,_1st_Earl_of_Mansfield=William Murray, 1st Earl of Mansfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lorna_Luft=Lorna Luft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Hone=William Hone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Muldoon=Paul Muldoon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carrie_Fisher=Carrie Fisher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leonard_Kriegel=Leonard Kriegel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Victor_Cline=Victor Cline
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_William_Kaye=John William Kaye
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Hay_Macnaghten=William Hay Macnaghten
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_McMurtry=John McMurtry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ferdinand_de_Lesseps=Ferdinand de Lesseps
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_the_Fuller=Peter the Fuller
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_Burnes=Alexander Burnes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dennis_Quaid=Dennis Quaid
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Garrett_Morgan=Garrett Morgan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brian_Farrell_(broadcaster)=Brian Farrell (broadcaster)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Mitchel=Charles Mitchel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frank_Hall=Frank Hall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Muzz_Skillings=Muzz Skillings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Malcolm_Turnbull=Malcolm Turnbull
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ferdinand_Seymour,_Earl_St._Maur=Ferdinand Seymour, Earl St. Maur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicholas_Heath=Nicholas Heath
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Hooper_(bishop)=John Hooper (bishop)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andy_Bechtolsheim=Andy Bechtolsheim
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Gillette=William Gillette
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Neile=Richard Neile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francis_Windebank=Francis Windebank
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Morton_(bishop)=Thomas Morton (bishop)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adam_Murimuth=Adam Murimuth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Filo=David Filo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karl_Maria_Wiligut=Karl Maria Wiligut
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Douglas_Rain=Douglas Rain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrea_Yates=Andrea Yates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/LaMarcus_Adna_Thompson=LaMarcus Adna Thompson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ken_St._Andre=Ken St. Andre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cristofano_Malvezzi=Cristofano Malvezzi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martin_Short=Martin Short
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ethyl_Eichelberger=Ethyl Eichelberger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Great_Antonio=Great Antonio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Murder_of_Kitty_Genovese=Murder of Kitty Genovese
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Catherine_Schwartz=Catherine Schwartz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Simon_Raven=Simon Raven
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anna_Lindh=Anna Lindh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mohammad_Bahr_al-Ulloum=Mohammad Bahr al-Ulloum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ishida_Mitsunari=Ishida Mitsunari
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anton_Arensky=Anton Arensky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Itagaki_Taisuke=Itagaki Taisuke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jason_Robertson=Jason Robertson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Neil_Jordan=Neil Jordan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tara_Strong=Tara Strong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chris_Michalek=Chris Michalek
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_Fenton=Tom Fenton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jodi_Benson=Jodi Benson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leon_Jaworski=Leon Jaworski
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iwakura_Tomomi=Iwakura Tomomi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vivian_Fuchs=Vivian Fuchs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maeda_Toshiie=Maeda Toshiie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bo_Holmberg=Bo Holmberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anne_Spielberg=Anne Spielberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Habba_Khatoon=Habba Khatoon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cleveland_Elementary_School_shooting_(San_Diego)=Cleveland Elementary School shooting (San Diego)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jonathan_Aitken=Jonathan Aitken
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carlisle_Floyd=Carlisle Floyd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Billy_Beane=Billy Beane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greville_Janner,_Baron_Janner_of_Braunstone=Greville Janner, Baron Janner of Braunstone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seymour_Hersh=Seymour Hersh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phil_Foglio=Phil Foglio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mizuno_Tadakuni=Mizuno Tadakuni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friedrich_August_von_Finck=Friedrich August von Finck
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Bruce_Malleson=George Bruce Malleson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jon_Favreau=Jon Favreau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eunice_Norton=Eunice Norton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tommy_Chong=Tommy Chong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mutsu_Munemitsu=Mutsu Munemitsu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ninomiya_Sontoku=Ninomiya Sontoku
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Barclay_(theologian)=William Barclay (theologian)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hillel_ben_Eliakim=Hillel ben Eliakim
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hillel_ben_Naphtali_Zevi=Hillel ben Naphtali Zevi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saionji_Kinmochi=Saionji Kinmochi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Evander_McNair=Evander McNair
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jorn_Barger=Jorn Barger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Larry_Hovis=Larry Hovis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Darrell_Huff=Darrell Huff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Felsen=Henry Felsen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samuel_A._Ward=Samuel A. Ward
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Feroze_Gandhi=Feroze Gandhi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reagan_Gomez-Preston=Reagan Gomez-Preston
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brock_Lesnar=Brock Lesnar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jan_O._Karlsson=Jan O. Karlsson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ralph_Bunche=Ralph Bunche
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Stent=Peter Stent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/W._Bruce_Cameron=W. Bruce Cameron
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Miller_(preacher)=William Miller (preacher)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Erna_Berger=Erna Berger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lex_Barker=Lex Barker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dawn_French=Dawn French
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emma_Eckstein=Emma Eckstein
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sugita_Genpaku=Sugita Genpaku
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tanuma_Okitsugu=Tanuma Okitsugu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Takasugi_Shinsaku=Takasugi Shinsaku
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tsukahara_Bokuden=Tsukahara Bokuden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cliff_Shaw=Cliff Shaw
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kunio_Yanagita=Kunio Yanagita
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Hamilton,_2nd_Duke_of_Hamilton=William Hamilton, 2nd Duke of Hamilton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Hamilton,_Duke_of_Hamilton=William Hamilton, Duke of Hamilton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Robartes,_1st_Earl_of_Radnor=John Robartes, 1st Earl of Radnor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Hamilton,_4th_Duke_of_Hamilton=James Hamilton, 4th Duke of Hamilton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Savile,_1st_Marquess_of_Halifax=George Savile, 1st Marquess of Halifax
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Seymour,_6th_Duke_of_Somerset=Charles Seymour, 6th Duke of Somerset
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scipio_Aemilianus=Scipio Aemilianus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Publius_Cornelius_Scipio_Nasica_Serapio_(consul_138_BC)=Publius Cornelius Scipio Nasica Serapio (consul 138 BC)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Somers,_1st_Baron_Somers=John Somers, 1st Baron Somers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Evelyn_Pierrepont,_1st_Duke_of_Kingston-upon-Hull=Evelyn Pierrepont, 1st Duke of Kingston-upon-Hull
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shen_Buhai=Shen Buhai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shen_Dao=Shen Dao
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Gibbon_Wakefield=Edward Gibbon Wakefield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Hobson=Thomas Hobson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sean_Hannity=Sean Hannity
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Akino_Arai=Akino Arai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laurent_Schwartz=Laurent Schwartz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Townshend,_1st_Viscount_Sydney=Thomas Townshend, 1st Viscount Sydney
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lloyd_L._Gaines=Lloyd L. Gaines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tommy_Lapid=Tommy Lapid
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrew_Vachss=Andrew Vachss
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jascha_Horenstein=Jascha Horenstein
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sergiu_Celibidache=Sergiu Celibidache
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Craft=Robert Craft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ray_Davis_(musician)=Ray Davis (musician)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bernard_Haitink=Bernard Haitink
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rudolf_Kempe=Rudolf Kempe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carlo_Maria_Giulini=Carlo Maria Giulini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miles_Sindercombe=Miles Sindercombe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Thurloe=John Thurloe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Sexby=Edward Sexby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andreas_Hofer=Andreas Hofer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saartjie_Baartman=Saartjie Baartman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Timothy_Dexter=Timothy Dexter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ben_Bril=Ben Bril
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Josh_Kalis=Josh Kalis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_von_Aldringen=Johann von Aldringen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matthias_Gallas=Matthias Gallas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heinrich_Leberecht_Fleischer=Heinrich Leberecht Fleischer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anton_Walbrook=Anton Walbrook
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michel_Baudier=Michel Baudier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georges_Darboy=Georges Darboy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karl_Josef_von_Hefele=Karl Josef von Hefele
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thelma_Ritter=Thelma Ritter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kirill_Kondrashin=Kirill Kondrashin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stefano_Infessura=Stefano Infessura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eugen_Jochum=Eugen Jochum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Serge_Koussevitzky=Serge Koussevitzky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Erich_Leinsdorf=Erich Leinsdorf
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roger_Chang=Roger Chang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zhou_Yu=Zhou Yu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Taylor_(actor)=Robert Taylor (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Spencer-Churchill,_7th_Duke_of_Marlborough=John Spencer-Churchill, 7th Duke of Marlborough
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jane_Pauley=Jane Pauley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Donna_Shalala=Donna Shalala
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Werner_Klemperer=Werner Klemperer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daveigh_Chase=Daveigh Chase
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Ogden_Stiers=David Ogden Stiers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dirk_Hartog=Dirk Hartog
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jason_Flemyng=Jason Flemyng
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Bass=George Bass
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Binot_Paulmier_de_Gonneville=Binot Paulmier de Gonneville
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carlos_Prats=Carlos Prats
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inger_Stevens=Inger Stevens
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Realdo_Colombo=Realdo Colombo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Ruse=James Ruse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grace_Abbott=Grace Abbott
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_Daninos=Jean Daninos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mairead_Maguire=Mairead Maguire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henning_Scherf=Henning Scherf
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Munch_(painter)=Charles Munch (painter)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yevgeny_Mravinsky=Yevgeny Mravinsky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Munch_(conductor)=Charles Munch (conductor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zubin_Mehta=Zubin Mehta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Neville_Marriner=Neville Marriner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kurt_Masur=Kurt Masur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Mackerras=Charles Mackerras
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Murk_van_Phelsum=Murk van Phelsum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lorin_Maazel=Lorin Maazel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Janet_G._Travell=Janet G. Travell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toby_Towson=Toby Towson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yang_Guozhong=Yang Guozhong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yang_Zhao=Yang Zhao
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anne_Hutchinson=Anne Hutchinson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abraham_Colles=Abraham Colles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karl_Wallinger=Karl Wallinger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Botterell=Henry Botterell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marty_Peretz=Marty Peretz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_of_Moerbeke=William of Moerbeke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tokugawa_Ieyoshi=Tokugawa Ieyoshi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Paget,_1st_Marquess_of_Anglesey=Henry Paget, 1st Marquess of Anglesey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ennin=Ennin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ferdinand_Anton_Ernst_Porsche=Ferdinand Anton Ernst Porsche
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Walker_(inventor)=John Walker (inventor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Julius_Caesar_(judge)=Julius Caesar (judge)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barry_Levinson=Barry Levinson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vinayak_Damodar_Savarkar=Vinayak Damodar Savarkar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Horemheb=Horemheb
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_Thynn,_7th_Marquess_of_Bath=Alexander Thynn, 7th Marquess of Bath
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Enescu=George Enescu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xu_Huang=Xu Huang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sally_Clark=Sally Clark
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Murder_of_Yetunde_Price=Murder of Yetunde Price
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Labov=William Labov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_W._Young=Robert W. Young
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Morley=Robert Morley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Homer_Lea=Homer Lea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Annette_O'Toole=Annette O'Toole
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lindbergh_kidnapping=Lindbergh kidnapping
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henri_de_Tonti=Henri de Tonti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Lawson_(explorer)=William Lawson (explorer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chip_Caray=Chip Caray
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Skip_Caray=Skip Caray
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mark_Romanek=Mark Romanek
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adrian_Young=Adrian Young
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Verghese_Kurien=Verghese Kurien
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cameron_Crowe=Cameron Crowe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Impenitent_thief=Impenitent thief
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zhang_Fei=Zhang Fei
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Casper=John Casper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fergie_(singer)=Fergie (singer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bent_Larsen=Bent Larsen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ayman_al-Zawahiri=Ayman al-Zawahiri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lotte_Lenya=Lotte Lenya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chai_Ling=Chai Ling
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Rubin=James Rubin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ariel_Dorfman=Ariel Dorfman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kwame_Kilpatrick=Kwame Kilpatrick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kurt_von_Schleicher=Kurt von Schleicher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christopher_Ryan=Christopher Ryan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clay_Davenport=Clay Davenport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Squanto=Squanto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Bindon=John Bindon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samoset=Samoset
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lili_Estefan=Lili Estefan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jan_Pieterszoon_Coen=Jan Pieterszoon Coen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roland_Gaucher=Roland Gaucher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_H._Moore=Charles H. Moore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keith_Coogan=Keith Coogan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frank_Crumit=Frank Crumit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Candace_Gingrich-Jones=Candace Gingrich-Jones
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Billy_Bean=Billy Bean
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marc_Blitzstein=Marc Blitzstein
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_Waddell=Tom Waddell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_Marais=Jean Marais
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scott_Thompson_(comedian)=Scott Thompson (comedian)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Death_of_Diane_Whipple=Death of Diane Whipple
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jim_Goad=Jim Goad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Chamberlain=Richard Chamberlain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rupert_Everett=Rupert Everett
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roy_Cohn=Roy Cohn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Kirkwood,_Jr.=James Kirkwood, Jr.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anne_Heche=Anne Heche
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_Meiklejohn=Alexander Meiklejohn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eduard_Haas=Eduard Haas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Siegfried_&_Roy=Siegfried & Roy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Danny_Pintauro=Danny Pintauro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saad_Haddad=Saad Haddad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Merce_Cunningham=Merce Cunningham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toru_Iwatani=Toru Iwatani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gian_Carlo_Menotti=Gian Carlo Menotti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Klas_Pontus_Arnoldson=Klas Pontus Arnoldson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Hovell=William Hovell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Geffen=David Geffen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bill_Cowan=Bill Cowan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francis_Russell,_2nd_Earl_of_Bedford=Francis Russell, 2nd Earl of Bedford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francis_Russell,_5th_Duke_of_Bedford=Francis Russell, 5th Duke of Bedford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francis_Russell,_4th_Earl_of_Bedford=Francis Russell, 4th Earl of Bedford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Montagu,_1st_Earl_of_Manchester=Henry Montagu, 1st Earl of Manchester
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dhardo_Rimpoche=Dhardo Rimpoche
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francis_Beaufort=Francis Beaufort
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chrissy_Gephardt=Chrissy Gephardt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Suzy_Parker=Suzy Parker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Donald_DeFreeze=Donald DeFreeze
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carlota_Alfaro=Carlota Alfaro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ronald_Radosh=Ronald Radosh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gregg_Araki=Gregg Araki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karin_Boye=Karin Boye
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michel_Marc_Bouchard=Michel Marc Bouchard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patrick_Cockburn=Patrick Cockburn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrew_Cockburn=Andrew Cockburn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dennis_Archer=Dennis Archer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madalyn_Murray_O'Hair=Madalyn Murray O'Hair
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Sturt=Charles Sturt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Stamitz=Johann Stamitz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gordon_Wu=Gordon Wu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ron_Kurtenbach=Ron Kurtenbach
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_Jonas_Love_Almqvist=Carl Jonas Love Almqvist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lisa_Crystal_Carver=Lisa Crystal Carver
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Mitchell_(explorer)=Thomas Mitchell (explorer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kelvin_Anderson=Kelvin Anderson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liu_Biao=Liu Biao
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guillaume_Dufay=Guillaume Dufay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ludwig_Anzengruber=Ludwig Anzengruber
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giuseppe_Apolloni=Giuseppe Apolloni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fergus_Ewing=Fergus Ewing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Steele_Commager=Henry Steele Commager
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Errett_Bishop=Errett Bishop
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Grasso=Richard Grasso
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_van_Buitenen=Paul van Buitenen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hilton_Edwards=Hilton Edwards
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Bidgood_(filmmaker)=James Bidgood (filmmaker)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Burton_Sumner=Joseph Burton Sumner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alan_Colmes=Alan Colmes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walburga_Stemmer=Walburga Stemmer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emily_Greene_Balch=Emily Greene Balch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joe_Conason=Joe Conason
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phyllis_Schlafly=Phyllis Schlafly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_Duff,_1st_Duke_of_Fife=Alexander Duff, 1st Duke of Fife
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Mott=John Mott
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Novak=Robert Novak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Donny_Lalonde=Donny Lalonde
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Horace_Grant=Horace Grant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Valachi=Joseph Valachi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don_Ohlmeyer=Don Ohlmeyer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kim_Beazley=Kim Beazley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Parry_(explorer)=William Parry (explorer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bill_Hayden=Bill Hayden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Schobert=Johann Schobert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atom_Egoyan=Atom Egoyan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hildegard_Puwak=Hildegard Puwak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_E._Fairbairn=William E. Fairbairn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henri_Toivonen=Henri Toivonen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frederick_William_von_Hessenstein=Frederick William von Hessenstein
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marcel_Dassault=Marcel Dassault
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hedvig_Taube=Hedvig Taube
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfonso_Reyes=Alfonso Reyes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Murray,_5th_Viscount_of_Stormont=David Murray, 5th Viscount of Stormont
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hedda_Lettuce=Hedda Lettuce
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jackson_J._Spielvogel=Jackson J. Spielvogel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Fagan=James Fagan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis_Renault_(jurist)=Louis Renault (jurist)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tobias_Asser=Tobias Asser
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfred_Hermann_Fried=Alfred Hermann Fried
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henri_La_Fontaine=Henri La Fontaine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Houseman=John Houseman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hans_Modrow=Hans Modrow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Constantinescu=George Constantinescu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_de_Lamerie=Paul de Lamerie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daniel_Marot=Daniel Marot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isaac_Van_Zandt=Isaac Van Zandt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Lee_Witt=James Lee Witt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jakob_Heine=Jakob Heine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrew_Marr=Andrew Marr
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Rodman_Drake=Joseph Rodman Drake
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karl_Oskar_Medin=Karl Oskar Medin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bonnie_Langford=Bonnie Langford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fusu=Fusu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kid_McCoy=Kid McCoy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Owen=Robert Owen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Yee=James Yee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lee_Kyung-hae=Lee Kyung-hae
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arlette_Laguiller=Arlette Laguiller
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Herbert_Schiller=Herbert Schiller
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Terry_Frost=Terry Frost
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lachlan_Macquarie=Lachlan Macquarie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leslie_Hore-Belisha,_1st_Baron_Hore-Belisha=Leslie Hore-Belisha, 1st Baron Hore-Belisha
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theo_Epstein=Theo Epstein
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carlos_Saavedra_Lamas=Carlos Saavedra Lamas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_Baptiste_Gustave_Planche=Jean Baptiste Gustave Planche
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean-Baptiste_Rousseau=Jean-Baptiste Rousseau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lalla_Ward=Lalla Ward
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daniel_Auteuil=Daniel Auteuil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manuel_Ortega_(singer)=Manuel Ortega (singer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_P._Murphy=William P. Murphy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joachim_Raff=Joachim Raff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dith_Pran=Dith Pran
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Billy_Zane=Billy Zane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_M._Beck=James M. Beck
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Margaret_Bondfield=Margaret Bondfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elliot_Richardson=Elliot Richardson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/N._F._S._Grundtvig=N. F. S. Grundtvig
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Malcolm_Arnold=Malcolm Arnold
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stelios_Constantas=Stelios Constantas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lou_(singer)=Lou (singer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Larry_Hagman=Larry Hagman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Baptist_Wolf=John Baptist Wolf
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_B._Krajewski=Henry B. Krajewski
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Faryadi_Sarwar_Zardad=Faryadi Sarwar Zardad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilhelm_Waiblinger=Wilhelm Waiblinger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beny_Alagem=Beny Alagem
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jane_Stanford=Jane Stanford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wanyan_Wuyashu=Wanyan Wuyashu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ben_Mulroney=Ben Mulroney
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jane_Bowles=Jane Bowles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Max_Shachtman=Max Shachtman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isadore_Singer=Isadore Singer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adal_Ramones=Adal Ramones
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Lawson_(American_activist)=James Lawson (American activist)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fabiana_Vallejos=Fabiana Vallejos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Cecil,_1st_Viscount_Cecil_of_Chelwood=Robert Cecil, 1st Viscount Cecil of Chelwood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierre_Savorgnan_de_Brazza=Pierre Savorgnan de Brazza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ignacio_Ramonet=Ignacio Ramonet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ray_Taliaferro=Ray Taliaferro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Wakefield=William Wakefield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis-Claude_Daquin=Louis-Claude Daquin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Turlough_O'Carolan=Turlough O'Carolan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Dunstaple=John Dunstaple
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clarence_Henry_Willcock=Clarence Henry Willcock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henrietta_Lacks=Henrietta Lacks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bernard_Tapie=Bernard Tapie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bill_Haywood=Bill Haywood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henryk_Szeryng=Henryk Szeryng
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Boyd_(playwright)=George Boyd (playwright)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Van_Doren=Charles Van Doren
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_Jacobsen=Carl Jacobsen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cyril_Cusack=Cyril Cusack
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tokugawa_Yoshimune=Tokugawa Yoshimune
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tokugawa_Tsunayoshi=Tokugawa Tsunayoshi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tokugawa_Mitsukuni=Tokugawa Mitsukuni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gordon_Jump=Gordon Jump
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jamie_Foxx=Jamie Foxx
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hugh_Downs=Hugh Downs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alex_Kozinski=Alex Kozinski
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Huang_Zhong=Huang Zhong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Parkinson=James Parkinson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Margaret_Colin=Margaret Colin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oleg_Gordievsky=Oleg Gordievsky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Randy_Quaid=Randy Quaid
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jennifer_O'Neill=Jennifer O'Neill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Krishna_Singh_Rawat=Krishna Singh Rawat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/J._F._Archibald=J. F. Archibald
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nain_Singh_Rawat=Nain Singh Rawat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manius_Curius_Dentatus=Manius Curius Dentatus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hester_Grenville,_1st_Countess_Temple=Hester Grenville, 1st Countess Temple
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sara_Montiel=Sara Montiel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adrian_Willaert=Adrian Willaert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Irven_DeVore=Irven DeVore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mary_Jo_Kopechne=Mary Jo Kopechne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sir_Henry_Willink,_1st_Baronet=Sir Henry Willink, 1st Baronet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Erich_Hallhuber=Erich Hallhuber
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Tate=Henry Tate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Havers,_Baron_Havers=Michael Havers, Baron Havers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacob_Clemens_non_Papa=Jacob Clemens non Papa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hans_Bronsart_von_Schellendorff=Hans Bronsart von Schellendorff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hercules_Robinson,_1st_Baron_Rosmead=Hercules Robinson, 1st Baron Rosmead
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Fox,_1st_Baron_Holland=Henry Fox, 1st Baron Holland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roberto_Alagna=Roberto Alagna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angela_Gheorghiu=Angela Gheorghiu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeanne_Calment=Jeanne Calment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gerard_Adriaan_Heineken=Gerard Adriaan Heineken
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lakshmi_Sahgal=Lakshmi Sahgal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ferdinand_Buisson=Ferdinand Buisson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/U_Thant=U Thant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A._Ross_Eckler=A. Ross Eckler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Claud_Cockburn=Claud Cockburn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isaac_Pitman=Isaac Pitman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Olivier_Assayas=Olivier Assayas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emilia_Tennyson=Emilia Tennyson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emily_Tennyson,_Lady_Tennyson=Emily Tennyson, Lady Tennyson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arthur_Hallam=Arthur Hallam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacques-Charles_Dupont_de_l'Eure=Jacques-Charles Dupont de l'Eure
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Goulet=Robert Goulet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Bowring=John Bowring
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lela_Brooks=Lela Brooks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albert_Hamilton_Gordon=Albert Hamilton Gordon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frederick_Lugard,_1st_Baron_Lugard=Frederick Lugard, 1st Baron Lugard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Francis_(trainer)=George Francis (trainer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charlie_Finley=Charlie Finley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giuseppe_Sinopoli=Giuseppe Sinopoli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Malcolm_Sargent=Malcolm Sargent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leonard_Slatkin=Leonard Slatkin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trevor_Pinnock=Trevor Pinnock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fakhr_ad-Din_ar-Razi=Fakhr ad-Din ar-Razi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Backhouse_Astor,_Sr.=William Backhouse Astor, Sr.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brooke_Astor=Brooke Astor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Stillman_Rockefeller=James Stillman Rockefeller
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Henry_Vanderbilt=William Henry Vanderbilt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Spencer-Churchill,_11th_Duke_of_Marlborough=John Spencer-Churchill, 11th Duke of Marlborough
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cornelius_Vanderbilt_II=Cornelius Vanderbilt II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gertrude_Vanderbilt_Whitney=Gertrude Vanderbilt Whitney
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Archibald_Campbell,_5th_Earl_of_Argyll=Archibald Campbell, 5th Earl of Argyll
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Tang=Henry Tang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ray_Garrett,_Jr.=Ray Garrett, Jr.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chuck_Schumer=Chuck Schumer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henri_Langlois=Henri Langlois
http://dbpedia.org/resource/King_Cheng_of_Zhou=King Cheng of Zhou
http://dbpedia.org/resource/King_Kang_of_Zhou=King Kang of Zhou
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maria_Shriver=Maria Shriver
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Warner=John Warner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Payne_Knight=Richard Payne Knight
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nigel_Havers=Nigel Havers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/King_Xiao_of_Zhou=King Xiao of Zhou
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Macartney,_1st_Earl_Macartney=George Macartney, 1st Earl Macartney
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samuel_Gompers=Samuel Gompers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sir_George_Staunton,_2nd_Baronet=Sir George Staunton, 2nd Baronet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Agmon=David Agmon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicholas_van_Hoogstraten=Nicholas van Hoogstraten
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Starley=James Starley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Farmer=James Farmer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/King_Ping_of_Zhou=King Ping of Zhou
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_D._James_(scientist)=Richard D. James (scientist)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/King_Xiang_of_Zhou=King Xiang of Zhou
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Irene_Wells_Pennington=Irene Wells Pennington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/B._C._Forbes=B. C. Forbes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Malcolm_Forbes=Malcolm Forbes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spyder-D=Spyder-D
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steve_Forbes=Steve Forbes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Howard_(bishop)=Edward Howard (bishop)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yuka_Tsujiyoko=Yuka Tsujiyoko
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mary_Matalin=Mary Matalin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gideon_Mantell=Gideon Mantell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alma_Guillermoprieto=Alma Guillermoprieto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gerard_Colby=Gerard Colby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amina_Lawal=Amina Lawal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Choe_Sejin=Choe Sejin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Burney_(schoolmaster)=Charles Burney (schoolmaster)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giaches_de_Wert=Giaches de Wert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hutton_Gibson=Hutton Gibson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kirstie_Alley=Kirstie Alley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cipriano_de_Rore=Cipriano de Rore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_S._Monson=Thomas S. Monson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toussaint_Charbonneau=Toussaint Charbonneau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samuel_Griffith=Samuel Griffith
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gordon_B._Hinckley=Gordon B. Hinckley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frank_Stagg_(theologian)=Frank Stagg (theologian)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Gannaway_Brownlow=William Gannaway Brownlow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Margaret_Clap=Margaret Clap
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Russell_William_Thaw=Russell William Thaw
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Betty_Hutton=Betty Hutton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jaclyn_Linetsky=Jaclyn Linetsky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albert_Jean_Amateau=Albert Jean Amateau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Justus_Lipsius=Justus Lipsius
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_II,_Duke_of_Guelders=Charles II, Duke of Guelders
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gilbert_Lewis_(actor)=Gilbert Lewis (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Browne_Hall=Robert Browne Hall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bill_Mensch=Bill Mensch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Orchard=David Orchard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Chase_(educator)=Paul Chase (educator)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shigefumi_Hino=Shigefumi Hino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jimmy_Savile=Jimmy Savile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Byrne_(politician)=David Byrne (politician)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicholas_Schenck=Nicholas Schenck
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_McCallum=David McCallum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marvin_Olasky=Marvin Olasky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harold_Prince=Harold Prince
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hanno_the_Navigator=Hanno the Navigator
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_C._McGinley=John C. McGinley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Carlyle=Robert Carlyle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rosanna_Arquette=Rosanna Arquette
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Disney=John Disney
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christina_Gyllenstierna=Christina Gyllenstierna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Franz_Weigl=Joseph Franz Weigl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Weigl=Joseph Weigl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_P._Gray=James P. Gray
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Josef_Felder=Josef Felder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/H._C._Robbins_Landon=H. C. Robbins Landon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anjo_Yllana=Anjo Yllana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Valgerd_Svarstad_Haugland=Valgerd Svarstad Haugland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jan_Petersen=Jan Petersen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Geir_Barvik=Geir Barvik
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Fletcher=Joseph Fletcher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pietro_Cavallini=Pietro Cavallini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eugenie_Scott=Eugenie Scott
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taddeo_Gaddi=Taddeo Gaddi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Agnolo_Gaddi=Agnolo Gaddi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Donald_O'Connor=Donald O'Connor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stephen_Collins=Stephen Collins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Garrett_Mattingly=Garrett Mattingly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Khaled_Mardam-Bey=Khaled Mardam-Bey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Pal=George Pal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daniel_Wakefield_(judge)=Daniel Wakefield (judge)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johnny_Thunders=Johnny Thunders
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caroline_Webster_Schermerhorn_Astor=Caroline Webster Schermerhorn Astor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oliver_Reed=Oliver Reed
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steve_McDonald_(Celtic_music)=Steve McDonald (Celtic music)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Annely_Peebo=Annely Peebo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marko_Matvere=Marko Matvere
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Paul_Smith=Robert Paul Smith
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Corinna_May=Corinna May
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antoine_Adolphe_Marcelin_Marbot=Antoine Adolphe Marcelin Marbot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_Baptiste_Antoine_Marcellin_de_Marbot=Jean Baptiste Antoine Marcellin de Marbot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sonny_Werblin=Sonny Werblin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aivaras_Stepukonis=Aivaras Stepukonis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marcel_Pavel=Marcel Pavel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brenda_Clough=Brenda Clough
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jules_de_Polignac=Jules de Polignac
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ewing_Kauffman=Ewing Kauffman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mary_Pat_Fisher=Mary Pat Fisher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joyce_Hall=Joyce Hall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ina_Coolbrith=Ina Coolbrith
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ric_Berger=Ric Berger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eliza_McCardle_Johnson=Eliza McCardle Johnson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrea_Tafi_(artist)=Andrea Tafi (artist)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Jacob_Astor_III=John Jacob Astor III
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barry_Marder=Barry Marder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/J._Stuart_Blackton=J. Stuart Blackton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sydney_Newman=Sydney Newman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_M._McCune=George M. McCune
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yukichi_Chuganji=Yukichi Chuganji
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Horace_Vernet=Horace Vernet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Enheduanna=Enheduanna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karl_Hess=Karl Hess
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Owen_Johnson_(writer)=Owen Johnson (writer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ken_Saro-Wiwa=Ken Saro-Wiwa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bill_W.=Bill W.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Willy_Matheisl=Willy Matheisl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Jackson_(Black_Panther)=George Jackson (Black Panther)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Wolfe=William Wolfe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Hempleman-Adams=David Hempleman-Adams
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jason_Ritter=Jason Ritter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laurence_Sydney_Brodribb_Irving=Laurence Sydney Brodribb Irving
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Irving=Henry Irving
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rab_Butler=Rab Butler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christian_Bale=Christian Bale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/King_Qing_of_Zhou=King Qing of Zhou
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pharamond=Pharamond
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Timothy_C._May=Timothy C. May
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Milius=John Milius
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antonio_Todde=Antonio Todde
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johnnie_Cochran=Johnnie Cochran
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Old_Tom_Parr=Old Tom Parr
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keir_Dullea=Keir Dullea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jan_Pieterszoon_Sweelinck=Jan Pieterszoon Sweelinck
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Ludwig_Bach=Johann Ludwig Bach
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Juan_Bosch=Juan Bosch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karl_Heinrich_Ulrichs=Karl Heinrich Ulrichs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Katie_Couric=Katie Couric
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shridath_Ramphal=Shridath Ramphal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arnold_Smith=Arnold Smith
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ernest_Chausson=Ernest Chausson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Erasmus_of_Formia=Erasmus of Formia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Gould_(naturalist)=William Gould (naturalist)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Shermer=Michael Shermer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karl-Maria_Kertbeny=Karl-Maria Kertbeny
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Howard_Cosell=Howard Cosell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Bowker_(theologian)=John Bowker (theologian)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marc_Andreessen=Marc Andreessen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ryan_Davies=Ryan Davies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_White_(RAF_officer)=James White (RAF officer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Graham_Hancock=Graham Hancock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bill_Fagerbakke=Bill Fagerbakke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeff_Mangum=Jeff Mangum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wally_Hickel=Wally Hickel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roy_Neuberger=Roy Neuberger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Lascelles,_7th_Earl_of_Harewood=George Lascelles, 7th Earl of Harewood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_A._Beard=Charles A. Beard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Braulio_Castillo,_Jr.=Braulio Castillo, Jr.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Lennox,_4th_Duke_of_Richmond=Charles Lennox, 4th Duke of Richmond
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elaine_Brown=Elaine Brown
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Black_(blacksmith)=James Black (blacksmith)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deryck_Whibley=Deryck Whibley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lucius_Furius_Philus=Lucius Furius Philus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hans_Redlich=Hans Redlich
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phyllis_A._Whitney=Phyllis A. Whitney
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nat_Hentoff=Nat Hentoff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ladislas_Starevich=Ladislas Starevich
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rex_Lease=Rex Lease
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierre-Simon_Girard=Pierre-Simon Girard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gina_Riley=Gina Riley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Du_Mu=Du Mu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ian_Stewart_(athlete)=Ian Stewart (athlete)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gaspard_de_Prony=Gaspard de Prony
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Crerar=Thomas Crerar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elizabeth_Montgomery=Elizabeth Montgomery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jaron_Lanier=Jaron Lanier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eber=Eber
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abraham_Zapruder=Abraham Zapruder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marie-Louise_Meilleur=Marie-Louise Meilleur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maude_Farris-Luse=Maude Farris-Luse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Margaret_E._Knight=Margaret E. Knight
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mary_Dixon_Kies=Mary Dixon Kies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Kardashian=Robert Kardashian
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Basil_L._Plumley=Basil L. Plumley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eva_Morris=Eva Morris
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Bradley_(engineer)=David Bradley (engineer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oskar_Fischinger=Oskar Fischinger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leo_Rosten=Leo Rosten
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tony_Danza=Tony Danza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elizabeth_McGovern=Elizabeth McGovern
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gjon_Buzuku=Gjon Buzuku
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stewart_Brand=Stewart Brand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Bazalgette=Joseph Bazalgette
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Spivak=Michael Spivak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arthur_Hiller=Arthur Hiller
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hugh_Grosvenor,_1st_Duke_of_Westminster=Hugh Grosvenor, 1st Duke of Westminster
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karl_King=Karl King
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Billy_Rose=Billy Rose
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gennadiy_Nikonov=Gennadiy Nikonov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anne_Bradstreet=Anne Bradstreet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jane_Dee_Hull=Jane Dee Hull
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orazio_Vecchi=Orazio Vecchi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lucius_Licinius_Lucullus=Lucius Licinius Lucullus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lucullus=Lucullus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cestius_Gallus=Cestius Gallus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Li=Richard Li
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maria_Cantwell=Maria Cantwell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Paul_Pitoc=John Paul Pitoc
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrzej_Biegalski=Andrzej Biegalski
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elizabeth_Perkins=Elizabeth Perkins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Hussing=Peter Hussing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angelo_Dundee=Angelo Dundee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wesley_Mouzon=Wesley Mouzon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Claire_Forlani=Claire Forlani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quirino_Cristiani=Quirino Cristiani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ralph_Engelstad=Ralph Engelstad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Medved=Michael Medved
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adrian_Frutiger=Adrian Frutiger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giambattista_Bodoni=Giambattista Bodoni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Cowper_Brann=William Cowper Brann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diane_Ravitch=Diane Ravitch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lu_Xun_(Three_Kingdoms)=Lu Xun (Three Kingdoms)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Helen_Gurley_Brown=Helen Gurley Brown
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Lochner=Robert Lochner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hugo_Young=Hugo Young
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Bosworth=Joseph Bosworth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Simon_Muzenda=Simon Muzenda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abraham_Cowley=Abraham Cowley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Randolph_(poet)=Thomas Randolph (poet)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/H._C._Artmann=H. C. Artmann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Charles_Lea=Henry Charles Lea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Salomon_Reinach=Salomon Reinach
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Reinach=Joseph Reinach
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_More=Henry More
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Georg_Ritter_von_Zimmermann=Johann Georg Ritter von Zimmermann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Fowler=Edward Fowler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Tulloch=John Tulloch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Drummond_of_Hawthornden=William Drummond of Hawthornden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Laing_(antiquary)=David Laing (antiquary)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rachael_Leigh_Cook=Rachael Leigh Cook
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Mangion=William Mangion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Henryson=Robert Henryson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Ruddiman=Thomas Ruddiman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jayaprakash_Narayan=Jayaprakash Narayan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arthur_Johnston_(poet)=Arthur Johnston (poet)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Morarji_Desai=Morarji Desai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Erskine_of_Dun=John Erskine of Dun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Wishart=George Wishart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/W._L._Morton=W. L. Morton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrew_Melville=Andrew Melville
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vic_Snyder=Vic Snyder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Garnet_Hercules_Mackley=Garnet Hercules Mackley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Wardlaw=Henry Wardlaw
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benedetto_Accolti_the_Elder=Benedetto Accolti the Elder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bernardo_Accolti=Bernardo Accolti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Dempster=Thomas Dempster
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patrick_Hamilton_(martyr)=Patrick Hamilton (martyr)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfred_Yarrow=Alfred Yarrow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Cochlaeus=Johann Cochlaeus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_Ales=Alexander Ales
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stefan_Czarniecki=Stefan Czarniecki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hamoud_bin_Mohammed_of_Zanzibar=Hamoud bin Mohammed of Zanzibar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laura_Scales=Laura Scales
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abdul_Majid_Zabuli=Abdul Majid Zabuli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christopher_Bond=Christopher Bond
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Max_Ehrmann=Max Ehrmann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ben_Dunkelman=Ben Dunkelman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_Reamy=Tom Reamy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peta_Wilson=Peta Wilson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dick_Durbin=Dick Durbin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Otto_Braun=Otto Braun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ashok_Kumar=Ashok Kumar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Naomi_Watts=Naomi Watts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edna_Purviance=Edna Purviance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Max_Cleland=Max Cleland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zell_Miller=Zell Miller
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Cornyn=John Cornyn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Burgess_Meredith=Burgess Meredith
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barbara_Walters=Barbara Walters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Soldner=Paul Soldner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Dundas,_1st_Baron_Dundas=Thomas Dundas, 1st Baron Dundas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Helpmann=Robert Helpmann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Pace=Richard Pace
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Elphinstone=William Elphinstone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Polydore_Vergil=Polydore Vergil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rudolf_Nureyev=Rudolf Nureyev
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Douglas,_4th_Earl_of_Morton=James Douglas, 4th Earl of Morton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kathleen_Hanna=Kathleen Hanna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mike_Rann=Mike Rann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Darrow=Paul Darrow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierre_Larousse=Pierre Larousse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hanadi_Jaradat=Hanadi Jaradat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mary_Christian=Mary Christian
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laodice_I=Laodice I
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mary_Shakespeare=Mary Shakespeare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arthur_Judson_Brown=Arthur Judson Brown
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fernando_Pessa=Fernando Pessa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Siegfried_Bing=Siegfried Bing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meagan_Good=Meagan Good
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_Levin=Carl Levin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Felicity_Willis=Felicity Willis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Butch_Morris=Butch Morris
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bo_Hi_Pak=Bo Hi Pak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mendele_Mocher_Sforim=Mendele Mocher Sforim
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tatamkulu_Afrika=Tatamkulu Afrika
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Selden_G._Hooper=Selden G. Hooper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_Monnet=Jean Monnet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Jenkins_(composer)=John Jenkins (composer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_I,_Duke_of_Guise=Henry I, Duke of Guise
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Denis_Quilley=Denis Quilley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moses_Shapira=Moses Shapira
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shinichi_Fujimura=Shinichi Fujimura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roy_Bean=Roy Bean
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hetty_Green=Hetty Green
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Horace_de_Vere_Cole=Horace de Vere Cole
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ruby_Muhammad=Ruby Muhammad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hugo_Bleicher=Hugo Bleicher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Claude_Duval=Claude Duval
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brian_Stonehouse=Brian Stonehouse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Binjamin_Wilkomirski=Binjamin Wilkomirski
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deborah_Sampson=Deborah Sampson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Katie_Boyle=Katie Boyle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eddie_Condon=Eddie Condon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sarah_Winchester=Sarah Winchester
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shimon_Avidan=Shimon Avidan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Aspel=Michael Aspel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eleanor_Lambert=Eleanor Lambert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Le_Flem=Paul Le Flem
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tian_Han=Tian Han
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Izzy_Asper=Izzy Asper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Desmarais=Paul Desmarais
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Jennings=Peter Jennings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis_Le_Prince=Louis Le Prince
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Felix_Wakefield=Felix Wakefield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Donald_Tsang=Donald Tsang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madeleine_Stowe=Madeleine Stowe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Danny_Trejo=Danny Trejo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Ward_(composer)=Robert Ward (composer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Veronica_Lake=Veronica Lake
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luis_Russell=Luis Russell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Melchora_Aquino=Melchora Aquino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fulgence_Charpentier=Fulgence Charpentier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Gzowski=Peter Gzowski
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Knowles=John Knowles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Todd_Lincoln=Robert Todd Lincoln
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jay_Rockefeller=Jay Rockefeller
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cypselus=Cypselus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kathleen_Ferrier=Kathleen Ferrier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Stevens_(cyclist)=Thomas Stevens (cyclist)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_R._Gilruth=Robert R. Gilruth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_McGreevy=Thomas McGreevy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hideo_Kojima=Hideo Kojima
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Berczy=William Berczy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/J._J._Abrams=J. J. Abrams
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nathaniel_Rochester=Nathaniel Rochester
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lee_Young=Lee Young
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cosmas_Damian_Asam=Cosmas Damian Asam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Copeland=David Copeland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Markus_Wolf=Markus Wolf
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shabbir_Banoobhai=Shabbir Banoobhai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Al_Goldstein=Al Goldstein
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Douglas_Livingstone_(poet)=Douglas Livingstone (poet)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walter_Jurmann=Walter Jurmann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Berthold_Bartosch=Berthold Bartosch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Murder_of_Jesse_Dirkhising=Murder of Jesse Dirkhising
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Volkmann=Robert Volkmann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tanya_Savicheva=Tanya Savicheva
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toshiro_Tsuchida=Toshiro Tsuchida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Murner=Thomas Murner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hope_Mirrlees=Hope Mirrlees
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pat_Morita=Pat Morita
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shamoke=Shamoke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sean_Pertwee=Sean Pertwee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sadie_Frost=Sadie Frost
http://dbpedia.org/resource/King_Ai_of_Zhou=King Ai of Zhou
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Archibald_Spooner=William Archibald Spooner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Benjamin_(composer)=George Benjamin (composer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oliver_Knussen=Oliver Knussen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/King_An_of_Zhou=King An of Zhou
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shirin_Ebadi=Shirin Ebadi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/King_Shenjing_of_Zhou=King Shenjing of Zhou
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Werner_Seelenbinder=Werner Seelenbinder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ruth_Crawford_Seeger=Ruth Crawford Seeger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leonard_Nelson=Leonard Nelson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Beaton=James Beaton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hans_Rott=Hans Rott
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fred_Andrew_Seaton=Fred Andrew Seaton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patrick_O'Brien_(musician)=Patrick O'Brien (musician)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_B._Crosby=Robert B. Crosby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Belinda_Carlisle=Belinda Carlisle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Fox=James Fox
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Fox_(actor)=Edward Fox (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Werner_Wolff_(musician)=Werner Wolff (musician)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antoine_Perrenot_de_Granvelle=Antoine Perrenot de Granvelle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A._K._Chesterton=A. K. Chesterton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marvin_Gay,_Sr.=Marvin Gay, Sr.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Natasja_Crone_Back=Natasja Crone Back
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jenny_Shipley=Jenny Shipley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eugene_Ormandy=Eugene Ormandy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yvonne_Caples=Yvonne Caples
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rudolf_Paul=Rudolf Paul
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hermann_Brill=Hermann Brill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bernhard_Vogel_(politician)=Bernhard Vogel (politician)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Werner_Eggerath=Werner Eggerath
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Werner_Bruschke=Werner Bruschke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Josef_Duchac=Josef Duchac
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yigal_Allon=Yigal Allon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seiji_Ozawa=Seiji Ozawa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Wyatt_Turner=Thomas Wyatt Turner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theodor_Kaluza=Theodor Kaluza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Moon=William Moon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joanna_David=Joanna David
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daryl_Hannah=Daryl Hannah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eva_Bowring=Eva Bowring
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anthony_Blunt=Anthony Blunt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tommaso_Geraci=Tommaso Geraci
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Kissam_Vanderbilt=William Kissam Vanderbilt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Galen_Weston=Galen Weston
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hilary_Weston=Hilary Weston
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abdul_Rahman_Arif=Abdul Rahman Arif
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roy_Palmer=Roy Palmer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moses_Znaimer=Moses Znaimer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hedy_Burress=Hedy Burress
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gerard_de_Malynes=Gerard de Malynes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gregorio_Fuentes=Gregorio Fuentes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dave_Chappelle=Dave Chappelle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Ehrlichman=John Ehrlichman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean-Lambert_Tallien=Jean-Lambert Tallien
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charley_Chase=Charley Chase
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Haugeland=John Haugeland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Josef_Suk_(composer)=Josef Suk (composer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Regina_Ip=Regina Ip
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shin_Takahashi=Shin Takahashi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Houssaye=Henry Houssaye
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Salli_Terri=Salli Terri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis_Pierre_Manuel=Louis Pierre Manuel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean-Baptiste_Carrier=Jean-Baptiste Carrier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lawrence_Sheriff=Lawrence Sheriff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Auguste_Escoffier=Auguste Escoffier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Kern=Richard Kern
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rosie_Douglas=Rosie Douglas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sonny_Perdue=Sonny Perdue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brad_Henry=Brad Henry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jim_Doyle=Jim Doyle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steve_Largent=Steve Largent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scott_McCallum=Scott McCallum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Ravenscroft=Thomas Ravenscroft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Torakusu_Yamaha=Torakusu Yamaha
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Genichi_Kawakami=Genichi Kawakami
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Lick=James Lick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pat_McGuigan=Pat McGuigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stanley_Chapman=Stanley Chapman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frank_Shuster=Frank Shuster
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johnny_Wayne=Johnny Wayne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rouzbeh_Yassini=Rouzbeh Yassini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_H._Adleman=Robert H. Adleman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mena_Suvari=Mena Suvari
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johan_Theron=Johan Theron
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eduard_Bernstein=Eduard Bernstein
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ludwig_Immanuel_Magnus=Ludwig Immanuel Magnus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theodor_Liebknecht=Theodor Liebknecht
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sir_Robert_Cotton,_1st_Baronet,_of_Connington=Sir Robert Cotton, 1st Baronet, of Connington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilhelm_Liebknecht=Wilhelm Liebknecht
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sidney_Holland=Sidney Holland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anne_Archer=Anne Archer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jon_Kyl=Jon Kyl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Mockapetris=Paul Mockapetris
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Boolos=George Boolos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Reiser=Paul Reiser
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Erik_Ortvad=Erik Ortvad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daniel_Bernstein=Daniel Bernstein
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sean_Flynn_(photojournalist)=Sean Flynn (photojournalist)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jorge_Pullin=Jorge Pullin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Larry_Walters=Larry Walters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johannes_Junius=Johannes Junius
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Garner_Ted_Armstrong=Garner Ted Armstrong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Stein_(guitarist)=John Stein (guitarist)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eugene_Istomin=Eugene Istomin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diana_Vreeland=Diana Vreeland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Juicy_J=Juicy J
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_Ruggles=Carl Ruggles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keye_Luke=Keye Luke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amira_Hass=Amira Hass
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abu_Muslim=Abu Muslim
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ilse_Koch=Ilse Koch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chris_Moyles=Chris Moyles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack_C._Haldeman_II=Jack C. Haldeman II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Elliott_(businessman)=John Elliott (businessman)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bob_Wallace=Bob Wallace
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samuel_Bentham=Samuel Bentham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_Benson=Tom Benson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Cobden=Richard Cobden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alvin_Curran=Alvin Curran
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Brower=David Brower
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Fitzpatrick=Charles Fitzpatrick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samm_Sinclair_Baker=Samm Sinclair Baker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Garland_(composer)=Peter Garland (composer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kyle_Gann=Kyle Gann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Wuorinen=Charles Wuorinen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacob_Emden=Jacob Emden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silvana_Mangano=Silvana Mangano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caroline_Kennedy=Caroline Kennedy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lena_Olin=Lena Olin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bruno_Kreisky=Bruno Kreisky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Junie_Morosi=Junie Morosi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lotte_Reiniger=Lotte Reiniger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Victor_Garber=Victor Garber
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Braulio_Castillo=Braulio Castillo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Donald_Cargill=Donald Cargill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Cameron_(Covenanter)=Richard Cameron (Covenanter)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mickey_Cohen=Mickey Cohen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arthur_H._Vandenberg=Arthur H. Vandenberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ellen_Fullman=Ellen Fullman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chris_Sugden=Chris Sugden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alyattes_I=Alyattes I
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tess_Jaray=Tess Jaray
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monty_Hall=Monty Hall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doormouse=Doormouse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jason_Donovan=Jason Donovan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Duff_Cooper=Duff Cooper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shin_Saimdang=Shin Saimdang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karl_Malden=Karl Malden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yi_I=Yi I
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don_Herbert=Don Herbert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Al-Mu'tasim=Al-Mu'tasim
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yi_Hwang=Yi Hwang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heike_Makatsch=Heike Makatsch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frederic_Rzewski=Frederic Rzewski
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laurie_Spiegel=Laurie Spiegel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/F._Holland_Day=F. Holland Day
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lady_Diana_Cooper=Lady Diana Cooper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfred_Cooper=Alfred Cooper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mark_Strickson=Mark Strickson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patrick_Shaw-Stewart=Patrick Shaw-Stewart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raymond_Asquith=Raymond Asquith
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fei_Xiaotong=Fei Xiaotong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sayyid_Kazim_Rashti=Sayyid Kazim Rashti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tyler_Hoechlin=Tyler Hoechlin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Audrey_Tautou=Audrey Tautou
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clea_DuVall=Clea DuVall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aleksey_Yachmenev=Aleksey Yachmenev
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ricky_Jay=Ricky Jay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leontiy_Sivstov=Leontiy Sivstov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Billy_T._James=Billy T. James
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Murdock=William Murdock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kristen_Britain=Kristen Britain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeane_Dixon=Jeane Dixon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raymond_Mason_(sculptor)=Raymond Mason (sculptor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samuel_Galton,_Jr.=Samuel Galton, Jr.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hugh_Clopton=Hugh Clopton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Wise_Wood=Henry Wise Wood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mary_Wilson,_Baroness_Wilson_of_Rievaulx=Mary Wilson, Baroness Wilson of Rievaulx
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alan_Parker=Alan Parker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fred_Karno=Fred Karno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christopher_Plummer=Christopher Plummer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Rolph=James Rolph
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ruzi_Ying=Ruzi Ying
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marilyn_vos_Savant=Marilyn vos Savant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Louis_Courier=Paul Louis Courier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tzvetan_Todorov=Tzvetan Todorov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Longus=Longus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Igo_Gruden=Igo Gruden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Keir=James Keir
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Small=William Small
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jorge_de_Montemor=Jorge de Montemor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bridget_Fonda=Bridget Fonda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emperor_Ming_of_Han=Emperor Ming of Han
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barnabe_Googe=Barnabe Googe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Felicitas_Corrigan=Felicitas Corrigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicholas_Grimald=Nicholas Grimald
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emperor_Zhang_of_Han=Emperor Zhang of Han
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emperor_He_of_Han=Emperor He of Han
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bob_Barker=Bob Barker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emperor_Shang_of_Han=Emperor Shang of Han
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emperor_An_of_Han=Emperor An of Han
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tessa_Allen=Tessa Allen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marquess_of_Beixiang=Marquess of Beixiang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emperor_Shun_of_Han=Emperor Shun of Han
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emperor_Chong_of_Han=Emperor Chong of Han
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emperor_Zhi_of_Han=Emperor Zhi of Han
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jessica_Alba=Jessica Alba
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emperor_Huan_of_Han=Emperor Huan of Han
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Adams_(politician)=Peter Adams (politician)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack_Black=Jack Black
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Margaret_Trudeau=Margaret Trudeau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carole-Marie_Allard=Carole-Marie Allard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zhang_Liang_(Western_Han)=Zhang Liang (Western Han)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bruce_Greenwood=Bruce Greenwood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean-Baptiste_Gaspard_d'Ansse_de_Villoison=Jean-Baptiste Gaspard d'Ansse de Villoison
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Morrade_Hakkar=Morrade Hakkar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reinhart_Dozy=Reinhart Dozy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lynn_Hill=Lynn Hill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kathie_Lee_Gifford=Kathie Lee Gifford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gertrude_Jekyll=Gertrude Jekyll
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baldassare_Galuppi=Baldassare Galuppi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Boyd_(stenographer)=Robert Boyd (stenographer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Corey_Burton=Corey Burton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Davies_(poet)=John Davies (poet)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Davies_(Welsh_priest)=David Davies (Welsh priest)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Davies_(industrialist)=David Davies (industrialist)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elsie_MacGill=Elsie MacGill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gaetano_Salvemini=Gaetano Salvemini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louise_Thaden=Louise Thaden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jouko_Turkka=Jouko Turkka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Bronfman=Charles Bronfman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edgar_Bronfman,_Sr.=Edgar Bronfman, Sr.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barbara_Dever=Barbara Dever
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gongsun_Yuan=Gongsun Yuan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_L._Hill=Robert L. Hill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/J._Steven_Griles=J. Steven Griles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cao_Rui=Cao Rui
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bin_Ueda=Bin Ueda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ki_no_Tsurayuki=Ki no Tsurayuki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kim_Saryan=Kim Saryan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Takuboku_Ishikawa=Takuboku Ishikawa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toshihiko_Sakai=Toshihiko Sakai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cao_Fang=Cao Fang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Takasue's_Daughter=Takasue's Daughter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Makoto_Tomioka=Makoto Tomioka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cao_Mao=Cao Mao
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tamiki_Hara=Tamiki Hara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bokusui_Wakayama=Bokusui Wakayama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Masaoka_Shiki=Masaoka Shiki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francesca_Gregorini=Francesca Gregorini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cao_Huan=Cao Huan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kenenisa_Bekele=Kenenisa Bekele
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norman_Kirk=Norman Kirk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Jan_de_Goeje=Michael Jan de Goeje
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Muhammad_ibn_Jarir_al-Tabari=Muhammad ibn Jarir al-Tabari
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilhelm_von_Giesebrecht=Wilhelm von Giesebrecht
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ibn_Ishaq=Ibn Ishaq
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Katrine_Gislinge=Katrine Gislinge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Shadwell_(playwright)=Charles Shadwell (playwright)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nancy_Greene=Nancy Greene
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shannon_Whirry=Shannon Whirry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flora_Tristan=Flora Tristan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Burns=Richard Burns
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eliahu_Inbal=Eliahu Inbal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tu_Weiming=Tu Weiming
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albert_Lord=Albert Lord
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mamoru_Oshii=Mamoru Oshii
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cosmo_Gordon_Lang=Cosmo Gordon Lang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nat_Fleischer=Nat Fleischer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Kidby=Paul Kidby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrew_Russell,_15th_Duke_of_Bedford=Andrew Russell, 15th Duke of Bedford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robin_Russell,_14th_Duke_of_Bedford=Robin Russell, 14th Duke of Bedford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bartholomew_Gosnold=Bartholomew Gosnold
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samuel_Bellamy=Samuel Bellamy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oskari_Tokoi=Oskari Tokoi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tubby_Hall=Tubby Hall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deborah_Joy_Corey=Deborah Joy Corey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phyllis_Diller=Phyllis Diller
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Meik=Charles Meik
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Myleene_Klass=Myleene Klass
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adam_Busch=Adam Busch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patrick_Meik=Patrick Meik
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Danny_Strong=Danny Strong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Meik=Thomas Meik
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jaye_Davidson=Jaye Davidson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nena=Nena
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Juliet_Landau=Juliet Landau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jehan_de_Lescurel=Jehan de Lescurel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Efrem_Kurtz=Efrem Kurtz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Mann_(climatologist)=Michael Mann (climatologist)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dingley_Askham=Dingley Askham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Cena=John Cena
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gennifer_Flowers=Gennifer Flowers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yaqub_Beg=Yaqub Beg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anan_ben_David=Anan ben David
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Betty_MacDonald=Betty MacDonald
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bronson_Pinchot=Bronson Pinchot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eric_Eisner=Eric Eisner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Breck_Eisner=Breck Eisner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vivian_Vance=Vivian Vance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Franz_Ketterer=Franz Ketterer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexei_Panshin=Alexei Panshin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierre_Cauchon=Pierre Cauchon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Verna_Aardema=Verna Aardema
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_E._Stevenot=Joseph E. Stevenot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stan_Freberg=Stan Freberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Domingo_Ghirardelli=Domingo Ghirardelli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ben_Metcalfe=Ben Metcalfe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arthur_Donaldson=Arthur Donaldson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samuel_Brannan=Samuel Brannan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Murder_of_Adam_Walsh=Murder of Adam Walsh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Walsh_(television_host)=John Walsh (television host)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lorenzo_Valla=Lorenzo Valla
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Irvin_F._Westheimer=Irvin F. Westheimer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anita_Pallenberg=Anita Pallenberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Simon_Sechter=Simon Sechter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Antonius=George Antonius
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Levi_Strauss=Levi Strauss
http://dbpedia.org/resource/August_von_Wassermann=August von Wassermann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raymond_Bonner=Raymond Bonner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theodora_Kroeber=Theodora Kroeber
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hans_Kmoch=Hans Kmoch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean-Pierre_Wimille=Jean-Pierre Wimille
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fred_Berry=Fred Berry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Swinson_Maynard=David Swinson Maynard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sheila_Scott_Macintyre=Sheila Scott Macintyre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mauricio_Zeilic=Mauricio Zeilic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Makiko_Tanaka=Makiko Tanaka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Melissa_Del_Valle=Melissa Del Valle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uriah_M._Rose=Uriah M. Rose
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nino_Benvenuti=Nino Benvenuti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leonard_Maltin=Leonard Maltin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrew_Meikle=Andrew Meikle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Chung=Robert Chung
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edgardo_Mortara=Edgardo Mortara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quintus_Fabius_Maximus_Rullianus=Quintus Fabius Maximus Rullianus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mongane_Wally_Serote=Mongane Wally Serote
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miles_Kington=Miles Kington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abdullah_Ahmad_Badawi=Abdullah Ahmad Badawi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Athole_Shearer=Athole Shearer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eric_Partridge=Eric Partridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Molyneux=Peter Molyneux
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ay=Ay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Grover-Williams=William Grover-Williams
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rusty_Young_(musician)=Rusty Young (musician)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Simon_Proctor=Simon Proctor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Hamilton_(actor)=George Hamilton (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Penn_Jillette=Penn Jillette
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Erik_Nielsen=Erik Nielsen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Neolin=Neolin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Rolfe=John Rolfe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charlie_Soong=Charlie Soong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Geirr_Tveitt=Geirr Tveitt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matt_Ruff=Matt Ruff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bob_Greene=Bob Greene
http://dbpedia.org/resource/E._F._Schumacher=E. F. Schumacher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tony_Capstick=Tony Capstick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ryosuke_Cohen=Ryosuke Cohen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philip_Hardwick=Philip Hardwick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_D._MacArthur=John D. MacArthur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Frankfurter=David Frankfurter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Piero_Capponi=Piero Capponi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Armand_Carrel=Armand Carrel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Delphine_de_Girardin=Delphine de Girardin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Veselin_Topalov=Veselin Topalov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ignatius_Bonomi=Ignatius Bonomi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oliver_Lodge=Oliver Lodge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/T._V._Soong=T. V. Soong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Erwin_Ratz=Erwin Ratz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Bond_(ornithologist)=James Bond (ornithologist)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Melvin_Van_Peebles=Melvin Van Peebles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vincent_Siew=Vincent Siew
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gordon_Bell=Gordon Bell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jin_Yong=Jin Yong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chang_Chau-hsiung=Chang Chau-hsiung
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gustav_Schwarzenegger=Gustav Schwarzenegger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Papp=Joseph Papp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harry_Forbes_Witherby=Harry Forbes Witherby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gladwyn_Jebb=Gladwyn Jebb
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karl_Jatho=Karl Jatho
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Nodier=Charles Nodier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Hanson,_Baron_Hanson=James Hanson, Baron Hanson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Nayler=James Nayler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexandre_Auguste_Ledru-Rollin=Alexandre Auguste Ledru-Rollin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis_Auguste_Blanqui=Louis Auguste Blanqui
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hugh_Hood=Hugh Hood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jakob_Nielsen_(usability_consultant)=Jakob Nielsen (usability consultant)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Craig_Adams_(ice_hockey)=Craig Adams (ice hockey)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mardonius=Mardonius
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frank_Dobson=Frank Dobson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Linus_Yale,_Jr.=Linus Yale, Jr.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Li_Denghui=Li Denghui
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Puckle=James Puckle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trevor_Rees-Jones_(bodyguard)=Trevor Rees-Jones (bodyguard)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Humble_Ward,_2nd_Earl_of_Dudley=William Humble Ward, 2nd Earl of Dudley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henri_Paul=Henri Paul
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ernie_Coombs=Ernie Coombs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Albanel=Charles Albanel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maxwell_Anderson=Maxwell Anderson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jonathan_P._Dolliver=Jonathan P. Dolliver
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Will_Vinton=Will Vinton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hugh_Allan=Hugh Allan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arthur_Janov=Arthur Janov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierre-Joseph-Olivier_Chauveau=Pierre-Joseph-Olivier Chauveau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Agnes_Macphail=Agnes Macphail
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moshe_Chaim_Luzzatto=Moshe Chaim Luzzatto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christina_Onassis=Christina Onassis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eberhard_Taubert=Eberhard Taubert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ernest_Maas=Ernest Maas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Artaphernes=Artaphernes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Masayuki_Fujio=Masayuki Fujio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_A._Cherry=David A. Cherry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samuel_Franklin_Cody=Samuel Franklin Cody
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Gordon_Bennett,_Jr.=James Gordon Bennett, Jr.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Debra_Messing=Debra Messing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrea_Koppel=Andrea Koppel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean-Baptiste_Robert_Lindet=Jean-Baptiste Robert Lindet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giuseppe_Cerutti=Giuseppe Cerutti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Rabaut=Paul Rabaut
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bardas=Bardas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tony_Hawks=Tony Hawks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samuel_J._Kirkwood=Samuel J. Kirkwood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Willett=William Willett
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stefan_Kisielewski=Stefan Kisielewski
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mitch_McConnell=Mitch McConnell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Morgentaler=Henry Morgentaler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Keating=Charles Keating
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paddy_Chayefsky=Paddy Chayefsky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Benoist=Robert Benoist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexey_Bestuzhev-Ryumin=Alexey Bestuzhev-Ryumin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blair_Brown=Blair Brown
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kazik_Staszewski=Kazik Staszewski
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Robinson,_1st_Marquess_of_Ripon=George Robinson, 1st Marquess of Ripon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_Johnson_(composer)=Tom Johnson (composer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Donald_Wayne_Foster=Donald Wayne Foster
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sharif_Ali_bin_al-Hussein=Sharif Ali bin al-Hussein
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Conrad_Bain=Conrad Bain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rue_McClanahan=Rue McClanahan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adrienne_Barbeau=Adrienne Barbeau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Harlan_(senator)=James Harlan (senator)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emilio_Estevez=Emilio Estevez
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joyce_DeWitt=Joyce DeWitt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Poynings=Edward Poynings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ronald_Munro_Ferguson,_1st_Viscount_Novar=Ronald Munro Ferguson, 1st Viscount Novar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marlene_Warfield=Marlene Warfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Muqtada_al-Sadr=Muqtada al-Sadr
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Snell=Peter Snell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don_Brash=Don Brash
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fabian_Andre=Fabian Andre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Gest=David Gest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Madden_(director)=John Madden (director)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilbur_Schwandt=Wilbur Schwandt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Otto_of_Freising=Otto of Freising
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Snorri_Hjartarson=Snorri Hjartarson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tommy_Solomon=Tommy Solomon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ramzi_Yousef=Ramzi Yousef
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Valerie_Harper=Valerie Harper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Owain_mab_Urien=Owain mab Urien
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xiahou_Yuan=Xiahou Yuan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Baird,_1st_Viscount_Stonehaven=John Baird, 1st Viscount Stonehaven
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xiahou_Ba=Xiahou Ba
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rod_Roddy=Rod Roddy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Henry_Ireland=William Henry Ireland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eustace_the_Monk=Eustace the Monk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Banvard=John Banvard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Mytton=John Mytton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matthew_Robinson,_2nd_Baron_Rokeby=Matthew Robinson, 2nd Baron Rokeby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maurice_Buckmaster=Maurice Buckmaster
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Cavendish-Scott-Bentinck,_5th_Duke_of_Portland=William Cavendish-Scott-Bentinck, 5th Duke of Portland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brian_G._Hughes=Brian G. Hughes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Coates_(actor)=Robert Coates (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maria_Monk=Maria Monk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walter_Piston=Walter Piston
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rick_Mercer=Rick Mercer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cathy_Jones=Cathy Jones
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patsy_King=Patsy King
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greg_Thomey=Greg Thomey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mark_Critch=Mark Critch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mary_Walsh_(actress)=Mary Walsh (actress)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shaun_Majumder=Shaun Majumder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mildred_Davis=Mildred Davis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frank_Pickersgill=Frank Pickersgill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hippias_(tyrant)=Hippias (tyrant)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anthony_Newley=Anthony Newley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hipparchus_(son_of_Peisistratos)=Hipparchus (son of Peisistratos)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daniel_F._Steck=Daniel F. Steck
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abe_no_Hirafu=Abe no Hirafu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abe_Masakatsu=Abe Masakatsu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ma_Su=Ma Su
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adachi_Kagemori=Adachi Kagemori
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adachi_Morinaga=Adachi Morinaga
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Akashi_Morishige=Akashi Morishige
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Akechi_Mitsuharu=Akechi Mitsuharu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nagisa_Oshima=Nagisa Oshima
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Akaza_Naoyasu=Akaza Naoyasu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_Hore-Ruthven,_1st_Earl_of_Gowrie=Alexander Hore-Ruthven, 1st Earl of Gowrie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edwin_Thanhouser=Edwin Thanhouser
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jay_Roach=Jay Roach
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bebe_Daniels=Bebe Daniels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dimitrie_Paciurea=Dimitrie Paciurea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frank_Laubach=Frank Laubach
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Davis_(British_politician)=David Davis (British politician)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeff_McDonald=Jeff McDonald
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Brolin=James Brolin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Akita_Sanesue=Akita Sanesue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Akita_Toshisue=Akita Toshisue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Akizuki_Tanenaga=Akizuki Tanenaga
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Margaret_Jay,_Baroness_Jay_of_Paddington=Margaret Jay, Baroness Jay of Paddington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Janet_Young,_Baroness_Young=Janet Young, Baroness Young
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Platon_Lebedev=Platon Lebedev
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alistair_Darling=Alistair Darling
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jan-Carl_Raspe=Jan-Carl Raspe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oscar_Kjellberg=Oscar Kjellberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georges_Dor=Georges Dor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shah_Rukh_Khan=Shah Rukh Khan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Akizuki_Tanezane=Akizuki Tanezane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amakasu_Kagemochi=Amakasu Kagemochi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amago_Haruhisa=Amago Haruhisa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amago_Katsuhisa=Amago Katsuhisa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amago_Kunihisa=Amago Kunihisa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amago_Yoshihisa=Amago Yoshihisa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amago_Okihisa=Amago Okihisa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amago_Tsunehisa=Amago Tsunehisa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roger_Douglas=Roger Douglas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Naibe_Reynoso=Naibe Reynoso
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marshall_Perron=Marshall Perron
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Denis_Burke_(Australian_politician)=Denis Burke (Australian politician)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jan_Betley=Jan Betley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michel_Lotito=Michel Lotito
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benjamin_Waugh=Benjamin Waugh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Franco_Corelli=Franco Corelli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albert_Toft=Albert Toft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eric_Thompson=Eric Thompson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abu_al-Qasim_al-Zahrawi=Abu al-Qasim al-Zahrawi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hugh_de_Grandmesnil=Hugh de Grandmesnil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Krystyna_Skarbek=Krystyna Skarbek
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Justin_Pierce=Justin Pierce
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louise_Brown=Louise Brown
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sergei_Saltykov=Sergei Saltykov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Slim,_1st_Viscount_Slim=William Slim, 1st Viscount Slim
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Kenneth_Macalister=John Kenneth Macalister
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Marwood=William Marwood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Peace=Charles Peace
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kenneth_O'Keefe=Kenneth O'Keefe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roman_Abramovich=Roman Abramovich
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Smith_W._Brookhart=Smith W. Brookhart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Saatchi=Charles Saatchi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Milton_Osborne=Milton Osborne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dick_Clark_(senator)=Dick Clark (senator)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Massey=William Massey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dick_Clark=Dick Clark
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Hunter_(Billy_Banjo)=Edward Hunter (Billy Banjo)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mucia_Tertia=Mucia Tertia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lee_Boyd_Malvo=Lee Boyd Malvo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacques_Amyot=Jacques Amyot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_North=Thomas North
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sebastian_Brant=Sebastian Brant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friedrich_Karl_Theodor_Zarncke=Friedrich Karl Theodor Zarncke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karl_Joseph_Simrock=Karl Joseph Simrock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Freidank=Freidank
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Peele=George Peele
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barnabe_Rich=Barnabe Rich
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Stanihurst=Richard Stanihurst
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stephen_L._Carter=Stephen L. Carter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bruno_Frank=Bruno Frank
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Girolamo_Frescobaldi=Girolamo Frescobaldi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maeda_Toshitsune=Maeda Toshitsune
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theodotus_of_Byzantium=Theodotus of Byzantium
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Donald_Hamilton=Donald Hamilton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hendrikje_van_Andel-Schipper=Hendrikje van Andel-Schipper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/H._H._Holmes=H. H. Holmes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barry_Boehm=Barry Boehm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mark_Richards_(surfer)=Mark Richards (surfer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rani_Mukerji=Rani Mukerji
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sonia_Orwell=Sonia Orwell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Norton=Peter Norton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francis_Hutcheson_(songwriter)=Francis Hutcheson (songwriter)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cacamatzin=Cacamatzin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Katya_Paskaleva=Katya Paskaleva
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Itzhak_Fintzi=Itzhak Fintzi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Malcolm_Rifkind=Malcolm Rifkind
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philemon_Wright=Philemon Wright
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albert_Lortzing=Albert Lortzing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mikhail_Fridman=Mikhail Fridman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_H._Reading=John H. Reading
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ron_Ziegler=Ron Ziegler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albert_J._Ruffo=Albert J. Ruffo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clark_MacGregor=Clark MacGregor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Watkin_Tench=Watkin Tench
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Neustadt=Richard Neustadt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jan_Karski=Jan Karski
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mark_McCormack=Mark McCormack
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Howard_Hayes_Scullard=Howard Hayes Scullard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Fox_(politician)=William Fox (politician)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sutardji_Calzoum_Bachri=Sutardji Calzoum Bachri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hone_Heke=Hone Heke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jolene_Blalock=Jolene Blalock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Linda_Park=Linda Park
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ward_Christensen=Ward Christensen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Tierney_Clark=William Tierney Clark
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tecun_Uman=Tecun Uman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walter_Scott_Story=Walter Scott Story
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jules_Massenet=Jules Massenet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sir_John_Lubbock,_3rd_Baronet=Sir John Lubbock, 3rd Baronet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manisha_Koirala=Manisha Koirala
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Solomon_Feferman=Solomon Feferman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bart_Berman=Bart Berman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Gann=Thomas Gann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mikhail_Epstein=Mikhail Epstein
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boris_Berezovsky_(businessman)=Boris Berezovsky (businessman)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monica_Moorehead=Monica Moorehead
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yuji_Naka=Yuji Naka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mizuno_Tadashige=Mizuno Tadashige
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mizuno_Nobumoto=Mizuno Nobumoto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prince_Morikuni=Prince Morikuni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prince_Moriyoshi=Prince Moriyoshi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prince_Munetaka=Prince Munetaka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Murakami_Yoshikiyo=Murakami Yoshikiyo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tomiichi_Murayama=Tomiichi Murayama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Keegan=John Keegan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miguel_Barbachano=Miguel Barbachano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jim_Anderton=Jim Anderton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nakagawa_Hidemasa=Nakagawa Hidemasa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arthur_Porges=Arthur Porges
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prince_Narinaga=Prince Narinaga
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lester_Dent=Lester Dent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/E._Haldeman-Julius=E. Haldeman-Julius
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Stockman=David Stockman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johan_van_Oldenbarnevelt=Johan van Oldenbarnevelt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joan,_Countess_of_Flanders=Joan, Countess of Flanders
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marie-France_Pisier=Marie-France Pisier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daniel_Ceccaldi=Daniel Ceccaldi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uschi_Glas=Uschi Glas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Forsythe=John Forsythe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dominic_Keating=Dominic Keating
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brian_Holland=Brian Holland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frederic_Vester=Frederic Vester
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Basevi=George Basevi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johannes_Heesters=Johannes Heesters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Peter_Zenger=John Peter Zenger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Salamone_Rossi=Salamone Rossi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/F._A._Mitchell-Hedges=F. A. Mitchell-Hedges
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emanuel_Ringelblum=Emanuel Ringelblum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leon_Henkin=Leon Henkin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oga_Yashiro=Oga Yashiro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oda_Nagamasu=Oda Nagamasu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kanson_Arahata=Kanson Arahata
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Okudaira_Nobumasa=Okudaira Nobumasa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stone_Cold_Steve_Austin=Stone Cold Steve Austin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harry_Smith_Parkes=Harry Smith Parkes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pietro_Lorenzetti=Pietro Lorenzetti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vecchietta=Vecchietta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andreas_Achenbach=Andreas Achenbach
http://dbpedia.org/resource/J._Eric_S._Thompson=J. Eric S. Thompson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lady_Harriet_Acland=Lady Harriet Acland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anita_Loos=Anita Loos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hendrik_Bouman=Hendrik Bouman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rudolph_Rummel=Rudolph Rummel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sakuma_Morimasa=Sakuma Morimasa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edwin_Booth=Edwin Booth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sanada_Masayuki=Sanada Masayuki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sanada_Yukimura=Sanada Yukimura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ernest_Saunders=Ernest Saunders
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cynthia_Horner=Cynthia Horner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hal_Colebatch=Hal Colebatch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Olympia_Dukakis=Olympia Dukakis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Varian_Fry=Varian Fry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Barry,_Jr.=Charles Barry, Jr.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Murder_of_Stephen_Lawrence=Murder of Stephen Lawrence
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Estelle_Morris,_Baroness_Morris_of_Yardley=Estelle Morris, Baroness Morris of Yardley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gillian_Shephard=Gillian Shephard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Junius_Brutus_Booth=Junius Brutus Booth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Dawes=William Dawes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack_Cunningham,_Baron_Cunningham_of_Felling=Jack Cunningham, Baron Cunningham of Felling
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nick_Brown=Nick Brown
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Mellor=David Mellor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maurice_Macmillan=Maurice Macmillan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Prior,_Baron_Prior=James Prior, Baron Prior
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Juan_Galindo=Juan Galindo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hubert_Bland=Hubert Bland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Geoffrey_Palmer_(politician)=Geoffrey Palmer (politician)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Julianna_Margulies=Julianna Margulies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Forrest=John Forrest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Montague_Bakewell=Charles Montague Bakewell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jehudi_Ashmun=Jehudi Ashmun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Simeon_Baldwin=Simeon Baldwin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roger_Sherman_Baldwin=Roger Sherman Baldwin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Whiting_Boardman=William Whiting Boardman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lyman_Beecher=Lyman Beecher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sam_Yorty=Sam Yorty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hermann_Buhl=Hermann Buhl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antonio_Rossellino=Antonio Rossellino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrea_Sansovino=Andrea Sansovino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bernardo_Rossellino=Bernardo Rossellino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Daggett=David Daggett
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_W._Edwards=Henry W. Edwards
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacopo_Sansovino=Jacopo Sansovino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nigel_Playfair=Nigel Playfair
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dingle_Foot=Dingle Foot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Humphreys_(soldier)=David Humphreys (soldier)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Throssell=George Throssell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frederick_B._Fancher=Frederick B. Fancher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anissa_Jones=Anissa Jones
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lorenzo_Barcelata=Lorenzo Barcelata
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edwin_Schlossberg=Edwin Schlossberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Leake=George Leake
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alf_Morgans=Alf Morgans
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Margaret_II,_Countess_of_Flanders=Margaret II, Countess of Flanders
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Julian_Carroll=Julian Carroll
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luigi_Cherubini=Luigi Cherubini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liam_Fox=Liam Fox
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apolo_Kagwa=Apolo Kagwa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Rupert=David Rupert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marc_Ferrez_(photographer)=Marc Ferrez (photographer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lou_Henry_Hoover=Lou Henry Hoover
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Susan_Hampshire=Susan Hampshire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eduardo_Mata=Eduardo Mata
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yax_Nuun_Ayiin_I=Yax Nuun Ayiin I
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spearthrower_Owl=Spearthrower Owl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paulette_Goddard=Paulette Goddard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Needham=Joseph Needham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/K'inich_Kan_B'alam_II=K'inich Kan B'alam II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theophilus_Eaton=Theophilus Eaton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_B._Selden=George B. Selden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hugh_Troy=Hugh Troy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Terri_Fields=Terri Fields
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jim_Thompson_(designer)=Jim Thompson (designer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Mbiti=John Mbiti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Walvoord=John Walvoord
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brian_Lehrer=Brian Lehrer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Gerrold=David Gerrold
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johannes_Crellius=Johannes Crellius
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tommy_Sheridan=Tommy Sheridan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kenneth_E._Hagin=Kenneth E. Hagin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Jebb=Richard Jebb
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Petra_Pau=Petra Pau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fritz_Reiner=Fritz Reiner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joan_Riudavets=Joan Riudavets
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keith_Joseph=Keith Joseph
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kurt_Sanderling=Kurt Sanderling
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Augustus_Toplady=Augustus Toplady
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Girard_Desargues=Girard Desargues
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hanns_Kerrl=Hanns Kerrl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gavin_Crawford=Gavin Crawford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wolfgang_Sawallisch=Wolfgang Sawallisch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friedrich_Ludwig_Georg_von_Raumer=Friedrich Ludwig Georg von Raumer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xavier_Cugat=Xavier Cugat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fabrizio_Ruffo=Fabrizio Ruffo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pietro_Colletta=Pietro Colletta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antoine-Henri_Jomini=Antoine-Henri Jomini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yevgeny_Svetlanov=Yevgeny Svetlanov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joan_Kroc=Joan Kroc
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Josef_Sudek=Josef Sudek
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stepan_Fyodorovich_Apraksin=Stepan Fyodorovich Apraksin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Donald_Creighton=Donald Creighton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Szell=George Szell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gabrielle_Weidner=Gabrielle Weidner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walter_James=Walter James
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Catharine_Beecher=Catharine Beecher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Daglish=Henry Daglish
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Howard,_21st_Earl_of_Arundel=Thomas Howard, 21st Earl of Arundel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Varina_Davis=Varina Davis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tony_Kushner=Tony Kushner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alex_Jones_(radio_host)=Alex Jones (radio host)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Cullen_(politician)=Michael Cullen (politician)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilfried_Martens=Wilfried Martens
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cornthwaite_Rason=Cornthwaite Rason
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philip_Segal=Philip Segal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Wadlow=Robert Wadlow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Archibald_Dalzel=Archibald Dalzel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michel_Kikoine=Michel Kikoine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Walker_(abolitionist)=David Walker (abolitionist)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heinrich_Faber=Heinrich Faber
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fritz_Thyssen=Fritz Thyssen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Slavoljub_Eduard_Penkala=Slavoljub Eduard Penkala
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Ord=George Ord
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stephen_Dorrell=Stephen Dorrell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Victoriano_Huerta=Victoriano Huerta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chris_Crawford_(game_designer)=Chris Crawford (game designer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Douglas_Reeman=Douglas Reeman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adebayo_Adedeji=Adebayo Adedeji
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_Kotov=Alexander Kotov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kenneth_Rexroth=Kenneth Rexroth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pascual_Orozco=Pascual Orozco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfred_Vaucher=Alfred Vaucher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rajani_Palme_Dutt=Rajani Palme Dutt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phil_Piratin=Phil Piratin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harry_Pollitt=Harry Pollitt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Gibson=Charles Gibson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Adams_(chess_player)=Michael Adams (chess player)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phil_Knight=Phil Knight
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierre_Charles_L'Enfant=Pierre Charles L'Enfant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adoniram_Judson=Adoniram Judson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Wilson,_Baron_Wilson_of_Tillyorn=David Wilson, Baron Wilson of Tillyorn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Conrad_Kain=Conrad Kain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mark_Hofmann=Mark Hofmann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Hector=James Hector
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matthew_Hilton_(boxer)=Matthew Hilton (boxer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stephen_Decatur_Miller=Stephen Decatur Miller
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ron_Davies_(Welsh_politician)=Ron Davies (Welsh politician)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francis_Pym,_Baron_Pym=Francis Pym, Baron Pym
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phocion=Phocion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ruben_Lagus=Ruben Lagus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yuri_Temirkanov=Yuri Temirkanov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Tilson_Thomas=Michael Tilson Thomas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Claude_Joseph_Dorat=Claude Joseph Dorat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Foot_Moore=George Foot Moore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mariana_Alcoforado=Mariana Alcoforado
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marinus_of_Neapolis=Marinus of Neapolis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johan_Hendrik_Weidner=Johan Hendrik Weidner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zenodotus=Zenodotus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crates_of_Mallus=Crates of Mallus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Tzetzes=John Tzetzes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karl_Lehrs=Karl Lehrs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frederick_Schomberg,_1st_Duke_of_Schomberg=Frederick Schomberg, 1st Duke of Schomberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philip_I,_Count_of_Flanders=Philip I, Count of Flanders
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thierry,_Count_of_Flanders=Thierry, Count of Flanders
http://dbpedia.org/resource/W._Eugene_Smith=W. Eugene Smith
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baldwin_I,_Count_of_Flanders=Baldwin I, Count of Flanders
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sarah_Flannery=Sarah Flannery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Menander_Protector=Menander Protector
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Gernon=Thomas Gernon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_of_Ephesus=John of Ephesus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elizabeth_Gray_Vining=Elizabeth Gray Vining
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baldwin_II,_Count_of_Flanders=Baldwin II, Count of Flanders
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joshua_Nkomo=Joshua Nkomo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ralph_J._Gleason=Ralph J. Gleason
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leah_Betts=Leah Betts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arnulf_I,_Count_of_Flanders=Arnulf I, Count of Flanders
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jann_Wenner=Jann Wenner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Collis_Potter_Huntington=Collis Potter Huntington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arnulf_II,_Count_of_Flanders=Arnulf II, Count of Flanders
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rabbula=Rabbula
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis_Rossetto=Louis Rossetto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baldwin_IV,_Count_of_Flanders=Baldwin IV, Count of Flanders
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baldwin_V,_Count_of_Flanders=Baldwin V, Count of Flanders
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Erich_Salomon=Erich Salomon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Papa_Charlie_Jackson=Papa Charlie Jackson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baldwin_VI,_Count_of_Flanders=Baldwin VI, Count of Flanders
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_II,_Count_of_Flanders=Robert II, Count of Flanders
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albert_Viljam_Hagelin=Albert Viljam Hagelin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baldwin_VII,_Count_of_Flanders=Baldwin VII, Count of Flanders
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frederick_Catherwood=Frederick Catherwood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eiichiro_Oda=Eiichiro Oda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thaksin_Shinawatra=Thaksin Shinawatra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shang_Yang=Shang Yang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swanee_Hunt=Swanee Hunt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Otto_Lilienthal=Otto Lilienthal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kawakami_Gensai=Kawakami Gensai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexei_Shirov=Alexei Shirov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_S._Albus=James S. Albus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joanna_Cole_(author)=Joanna Cole (author)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jessica_McClure=Jessica McClure
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jane_Bown=Jane Bown
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sofia_Coppola=Sofia Coppola
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Graham,_1st_Viscount_Dundee=John Graham, 1st Viscount Dundee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Parrott=James Parrott
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Baker_(actor)=George Baker (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paloma_Pedrero=Paloma Pedrero
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Henry_Sykes=William Henry Sykes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Suzanne_Spaak=Suzanne Spaak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Franz_Xaver_Reimspiess=Franz Xaver Reimspiess
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Baker_(baritone)=George Baker (baritone)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jakob_Gronovius=Jakob Gronovius
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Herbert_George_Welch=Herbert George Welch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacques_Delille=Jacques Delille
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lee_P._Brown=Lee P. Brown
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Pennant=Thomas Pennant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Malcolm_Bilson=Malcolm Bilson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacob_of_Serugh=Jacob of Serugh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philoxenus_of_Mabbug=Philoxenus of Mabbug
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miguel_Primo_de_Rivera=Miguel Primo de Rivera
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bette_MacDonald=Bette MacDonald
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stephanie_Zimbalist=Stephanie Zimbalist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Malbim=Malbim
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doris_Roberts=Doris Roberts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Molly_Ivins=Molly Ivins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eduardo_Palomo=Eduardo Palomo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Mallory=George Mallory
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Sanderson=John Sanderson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Feizi=Feizi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nathaniel_Bowditch=Nathaniel Bowditch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matthew_Fontaine_Maury=Matthew Fontaine Maury
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_A._Romero=George A. Romero
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Randolph_Apperson_Hearst=Randolph Apperson Hearst
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harold_Arlen=Harold Arlen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leo_Leandros=Leo Leandros
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Whymper=Edward Whymper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mack_Reynolds=Mack Reynolds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Terry_Carr=Terry Carr
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pepi_II_Neferkare=Pepi II Neferkare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phillip_Terry=Phillip Terry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Witold_Hurewicz=Witold Hurewicz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oscar_Berger_(cartoonist)=Oscar Berger (cartoonist)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Claire_Trevor=Claire Trevor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Truong=Paul Truong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samuel_Dickstein_(mathematician)=Samuel Dickstein (mathematician)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francis_Willughby=Francis Willughby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierre_Bonnard=Pierre Bonnard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Howard_Hanson=Howard Hanson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matthias_Maute=Matthias Maute
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samuel_Slater=Samuel Slater
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kazimierz_Zarankiewicz=Kazimierz Zarankiewicz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theobald_II,_Count_of_Champagne=Theobald II, Count of Champagne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dorothy_Stratten=Dorothy Stratten
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ferdinand_Freiligrath=Ferdinand Freiligrath
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dionysius_I_Telmaharoyo=Dionysius I Telmaharoyo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greg_Malone_(actor)=Greg Malone (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anthony_Wilson_(musician)=Anthony Wilson (musician)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roe_Messner=Roe Messner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johnny_Ball=Johnny Ball
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Loy=James Loy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anthony_Crosland=Anthony Crosland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bruno_Latour=Bruno Latour
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karl_Gutzkow=Karl Gutzkow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georg_Herwegh=Georg Herwegh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tommy_Sexton=Tommy Sexton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Gunther=John Gunther
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ian_Wallace_(author)=Ian Wallace (author)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Smith_(royal_servant)=George Smith (royal servant)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Robert_Renshaw=William Robert Renshaw
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Randolph_Hearst,_Jr.=William Randolph Hearst, Jr.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Randolph_Hearst_III=William Randolph Hearst III
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Randolph_Hearst=George Randolph Hearst
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Randolph_Hearst,_Jr.=George Randolph Hearst, Jr.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sandra_Oh=Sandra Oh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Randolph_Hearst=John Randolph Hearst
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iain_Smith_(Scottish_politician)=Iain Smith (Scottish politician)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/C._Z._Guest=C. Z. Guest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Iron_Sheik=The Iron Sheik
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Downey,_Sr.=Robert Downey, Sr.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samuel_Mockbee=Samuel Mockbee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toni_Collette=Toni Collette
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emin_Pasha=Emin Pasha
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edwin_Abbott_(educator)=Edwin Abbott (educator)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barbi_Twins=Barbi Twins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shinsaku_Yanai=Shinsaku Yanai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benjamin_Lundy=Benjamin Lundy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barbara_Hall_(politician)=Barbara Hall (politician)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis_Zukofsky=Louis Zukofsky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lina_Medina=Lina Medina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cecil_Beaton=Cecil Beaton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don_Gonyea=Don Gonyea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ray_Young_Bear=Ray Young Bear
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Boot=John Boot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elisabeth_Beskow=Elisabeth Beskow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edwin_Smith_(photographer)=Edwin Smith (photographer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paolo_Savi=Paolo Savi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hermann_von_der_Hardt=Hermann von der Hardt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theodora_(wife_of_Theophilos)=Theodora (wife of Theophilos)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theodor_von_Heuglin=Theodor von Heuglin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elmer_Ambrose_Sperry=Elmer Ambrose Sperry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pope_John_XV=Pope John XV
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Takei=George Takei
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pope_John_XVIII=Pope John XVIII
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Julien_Temple=Julien Temple
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arnold_Brown_(comedian)=Arnold Brown (comedian)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charlie_Wilson_(Texas_politician)=Charlie Wilson (Texas politician)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Ingrams=Richard Ingrams
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greg_Moore_(racing_driver)=Greg Moore (racing driver)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ryoju_Kikuchi=Ryoju Kikuchi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ken_Watanabe=Ken Watanabe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sabir_Yunusov=Sabir Yunusov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Duncan_Kyle=Duncan Kyle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Betty_Buckley=Betty Buckley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean-Marie_Messier=Jean-Marie Messier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daryl_Bem=Daryl Bem
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chen_Yuanyuan=Chen Yuanyuan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Jarvik=Robert Jarvik
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tunku_Abdul_Rahman=Tunku Abdul Rahman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stefano_Casiraghi=Stefano Casiraghi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hellmuth_Walter=Hellmuth Walter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walter_Seymour_Allward=Walter Seymour Allward
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brian_Coffey=Brian Coffey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Melvyn_Bragg=Melvyn Bragg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hubert_Gorbach=Hubert Gorbach
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Denis_Devlin=Denis Devlin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eduard_Hanslick=Eduard Hanslick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Juan_Laurentino_Ortiz_(Argentine_poet)=Juan Laurentino Ortiz (Argentine poet)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Israel_Gelfand=Israel Gelfand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sidney_Lumet=Sidney Lumet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guillaume_Durand_(nephew)=Guillaume Durand (nephew)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sarah_Kirsch_(poet)=Sarah Kirsch (poet)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Erich_Fried=Erich Fried
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karin_Kiwus=Karin Kiwus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bashar_al-Assad=Bashar al-Assad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/August-Wilhelm_Scheer=August-Wilhelm Scheer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arthur_Tappan=Arthur Tappan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Irv_Kupcinet=Irv Kupcinet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Billy_West=Billy West
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patrick_Duncan_(Governor-General)=Patrick Duncan (Governor-General)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theodore_Dwight_Weld=Theodore Dwight Weld
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Molineux=William Molineux
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rollen_Stewart=Rollen Stewart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emily_Howland=Emily Howland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Katharine_Isabelle=Katharine Isabelle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emily_Perkins=Emily Perkins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anton_Rop=Anton Rop
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Naoto_Kan=Naoto Kan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matt_Stone=Matt Stone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trey_Parker=Trey Parker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Te_Rauparaha=Te Rauparaha
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Frank=Robert Frank
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Li_Tai=Li Tai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ron_Rifkin=Ron Rifkin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Vartan=Michael Vartan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Melissa_George=Melissa George
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_Lumbly=Carl Lumbly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Austin_Clarke_(poet)=Austin Clarke (poet)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_Tykwer=Tom Tykwer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kevin_Weisman=Kevin Weisman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bradley_Cooper=Bradley Cooper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Anders=David Anders
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Merrin_Dungey=Merrin Dungey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Danny_Wallace_(humorist)=Danny Wallace (humorist)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_MacGreevy=Thomas MacGreevy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tadeusz_Pruszkowski=Tadeusz Pruszkowski
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Felicjan_Kowarski=Felicjan Kowarski
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mitoyo_Kawate=Mitoyo Kawate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Felix_Dennis=Felix Dennis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_van_Wart=Henry van Wart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Somerset,_1st_Duke_of_Beaufort=Henry Somerset, 1st Duke of Beaufort
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leslie_Hope=Leslie Hope
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Susan_Meiselas=Susan Meiselas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Armand_Borel=Armand Borel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrei_Codrescu=Andrei Codrescu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hedda_Hopper=Hedda Hopper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Proust=Joseph Proust
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sian_Elias=Sian Elias
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mandy_Moore=Mandy Moore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luigi_Lablache=Luigi Lablache
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christabel_Pankhurst=Christabel Pankhurst
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fred_Haise=Fred Haise
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Reznikoff=Charles Reznikoff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Birkbeck=George Birkbeck
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_Bosley=Tom Bosley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barbara_Feldon=Barbara Feldon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mila_Mulroney=Mila Mulroney
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walter_Trohan=Walter Trohan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Bartleman=James Bartleman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hal_Jackman=Hal Jackman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Black_Aird=John Black Aird
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pauline_Mills_McGibbon=Pauline Mills McGibbon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Earl_Rowe=William Earl Rowe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_S._Paley=William S. Paley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_K._Gaylord=Edward K. Gaylord
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ray_Lawson=Ray Lawson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis_Orville_Breithaupt=Louis Orville Breithaupt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Mortimer_Clark=William Mortimer Clark
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Casimir_Gzowski=Casimir Gzowski
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Airey_Kirkpatrick=George Airey Kirkpatrick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Pankhurst=Richard Pankhurst
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_William_Stisted=Henry William Stisted
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Pearce_Howland=William Pearce Howland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Donald_Alexander_Macdonald=Donald Alexander Macdonald
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Willoughby_Crawford=John Willoughby Crawford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bassam_Tibi=Bassam Tibi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Buford_Cox=Joseph Buford Cox
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Azai_Hisamasa=Azai Hisamasa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Azai_Nagamasa=Azai Nagamasa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Azai_Sukemasa=Azai Sukemasa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maureen_McTeer=Maureen McTeer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Takeda_Katsuyori=Takeda Katsuyori
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toda_Kazuaki=Toda Kazuaki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tokugawa_Yorifusa=Tokugawa Yorifusa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Torii_Tadaharu=Torii Tadaharu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Torii_Naritsugu=Torii Naritsugu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tokugawa_Yorinobu=Tokugawa Yorinobu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tokugawa_Yoshinao=Tokugawa Yoshinao
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Torii_Tadamasa=Torii Tadamasa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Torii_Tadatsune=Torii Tadatsune
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Torii_Tadayoshi=Torii Tadayoshi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shooting_of_Amadou_Diallo=Shooting of Amadou Diallo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nan_Britton=Nan Britton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harriet_Jane_Moore=Harriet Jane Moore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fritz_Spiegl=Fritz Spiegl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Te_Keepa_Te_Rangihiwinui=Te Keepa Te Rangihiwinui
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eric_Kretz=Eric Kretz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Lawford=Peter Lawford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ann_Bancroft=Ann Bancroft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Judy-Lynn_del_Rey=Judy-Lynn del Rey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jude_Wanniski=Jude Wanniski
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Hasluck=Paul Hasluck
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Alexandre_de_Calonne=Charles Alexandre de Calonne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicolas_Chamfort=Nicolas Chamfort
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anne_Dacier=Anne Dacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aurelius_Victor=Aurelius Victor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Claude_Buffier=Claude Buffier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maria_Weston_Chapman=Maria Weston Chapman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Publius_Annius_Florus=Publius Annius Florus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Florus=Florus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sae_Isshiki=Sae Isshiki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Simone_Melchior=Simone Melchior
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norbert_Jokl=Norbert Jokl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amelita_Galli-Curci=Amelita Galli-Curci
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Duane_Gish=Duane Gish
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Fortune=Robert Fortune
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ben_Linder=Ben Linder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Juhani_Aho=Juhani Aho
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Highland_Garnet=Henry Highland Garnet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harry_Reid=Harry Reid
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dusty_Hughes_(playwright)=Dusty Hughes (playwright)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vera_Atkins=Vera Atkins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Horace_Donisthorpe=Horace Donisthorpe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samuel_Cornish=Samuel Cornish
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Danny_Glover=Danny Glover
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Renshaw_Starr=John Renshaw Starr
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Reginald_Starr=George Reginald Starr
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Claire_Windsor,_Countess_of_Ulster=Claire Windsor, Countess of Ulster
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Forten=James Forten
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carlo_Antonio_Campioni=Carlo Antonio Campioni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rodolphe_Kreutzer=Rodolphe Kreutzer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Lenox_Remond=Charles Lenox Remond
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Pinckney_(South_Carolina_chief_justice)=Charles Pinckney (South Carolina chief justice)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eliza_Lucas=Eliza Lucas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yahya_Ayyash=Yahya Ayyash
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dorothy_Loudon=Dorothy Loudon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_L._Miller,_Sr.=James L. Miller, Sr.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Riduan_Isamuddin=Riduan Isamuddin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Penny_Singleton=Penny Singleton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dorothea_Puente=Dorothea Puente
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zelman_Cowen=Zelman Cowen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Victor_Rothschild,_3rd_Baron_Rothschild=Victor Rothschild, 3rd Baron Rothschild
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Beattie=Peter Beattie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Purvis=Robert Purvis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laurentius_Petri=Laurentius Petri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Still=William Still
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_W.C._Pennington=James W.C. Pennington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Collier_(artist)=John Collier (artist)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oliver_Winchester=Oliver Winchester
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martin_Hohmann=Martin Hohmann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dore_Schary=Dore Schary
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Robert_Mortimer=John Robert Mortimer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Annette_Funicello=Annette Funicello
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Negroponte=John Negroponte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacob_Hutter=Jacob Hutter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_C._Durant=William C. Durant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theodore_S._Wright=Theodore S. Wright
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Auguste_Perret=Auguste Perret
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shalmaneser_V=Shalmaneser V
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Lau=Michael Lau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raymond_Abellio=Raymond Abellio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scott_Adams_(game_designer)=Scott Adams (game designer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colonel_Charles_Pinckney=Colonel Charles Pinckney
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gelett_Burgess=Gelett Burgess
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mariano_Grueiro=Mariano Grueiro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_W._Lewis=George W. Lewis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Julia_Domna=Julia Domna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kim_Ng=Kim Ng
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Dyson=James Dyson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Donald_Winnicott=Donald Winnicott
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ruth_Barcan_Marcus=Ruth Barcan Marcus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Te_Mamaku=Te Mamaku
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Manners-Sutton,_1st_Viscount_Canterbury=Charles Manners-Sutton, 1st Viscount Canterbury
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Abercromby,_1st_Baron_Dunfermline=James Abercromby, 1st Baron Dunfermline
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Shaw-Lefevre,_1st_Viscount_Eversley=Charles Shaw-Lefevre, 1st Viscount Eversley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lucio_Fulci=Lucio Fulci
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Naomie_Harris=Naomie Harris
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arthur_Peel,_1st_Viscount_Peel=Arthur Peel, 1st Viscount Peel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Oppen=George Oppen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emma_Willard=Emma Willard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arthur_Treacher=Arthur Treacher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Siegfried_Alkan=Siegfried Alkan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Max_Burckhard=Max Burckhard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Esa-Pekka_Salonen=Esa-Pekka Salonen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sima_Yi=Sima Yi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meredith_Vieira=Meredith Vieira
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Veatch=John Veatch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nathaniel_Palmer=Nathaniel Palmer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tivadar_Soros=Tivadar Soros
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lorine_Niedecker=Lorine Niedecker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rebecca_Mercuri=Rebecca Mercuri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stewart_Stevenson=Stewart Stevenson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_C._Spencer=John C. Spencer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Janina_Fry=Janina Fry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Deslondes=Charles Deslondes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gabriel_Prosser=Gabriel Prosser
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guillermo_Portabales=Guillermo Portabales
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jenny_Clack=Jenny Clack
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Tannahill=Robert Tannahill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Cartwright_(revivalist)=Peter Cartwright (revivalist)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oskar_Korschelt=Oskar Korschelt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_May=James May
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Honinbo_Sansa=Honinbo Sansa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abdul_Hakim_Murad_(militant)=Abdul Hakim Murad (militant)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Neil_Goldschmidt=Neil Goldschmidt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prince_Koreyasu=Prince Koreyasu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kellie_Waymire=Kellie Waymire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frank_M._Robinson=Frank M. Robinson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adam_Busby=Adam Busby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wiremu_Kingi=Wiremu Kingi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aida_Fariscal=Aida Fariscal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Smitherman=George Smitherman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Larry_Kenney=Larry Kenney
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Cooper=Peter Cooper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carnie_Wilson=Carnie Wilson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frank_Mannion=Frank Mannion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_Rakosi=Carl Rakosi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gene_Siskel=Gene Siskel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walter_Rodney=Walter Rodney
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Genrich_Altshuller=Genrich Altshuller
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kathy_Tyers=Kathy Tyers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arnaud_de_Borchgrave=Arnaud de Borchgrave
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Siyaj_K'ak'=Siyaj K'ak'
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Croll=James Croll
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Francis_Robert_Henderson=George Francis Robert Henderson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Wightman=Edward Wightman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aniello_Falcone=Aniello Falcone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anton_Reinhard_Falck=Anton Reinhard Falck
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Helen_Hunt_Jackson=Helen Hunt Jackson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gene_Anthony_Ray=Gene Anthony Ray
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charan_Singh=Charan Singh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sri_Sri_(writer)=Sri Sri (writer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dan_Savage=Dan Savage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barry_Tompkins=Barry Tompkins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_Hellmuth_Hertz=Carl Hellmuth Hertz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jonathan_Brandis=Jonathan Brandis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blanaid_Salkeld=Blanaid Salkeld
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bhrikuti=Bhrikuti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kurt_Schneider=Kurt Schneider
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Lucas_(politician)=Henry Lucas (politician)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friedrich_Gulda=Friedrich Gulda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mary_Devenport_O'Neill=Mary Devenport O'Neill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francesco_Matraire=Francesco Matraire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Aiton=William Aiton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georg_Tintner=Georg Tintner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gilbert_de_Clare,_5th_Earl_of_Gloucester=Gilbert de Clare, 5th Earl of Gloucester
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gilbert_de_Clare,_7th_Earl_of_Gloucester=Gilbert de Clare, 7th Earl of Gloucester
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Wollheim=Richard Wollheim
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I._K._Gujral=I. K. Gujral
http://dbpedia.org/resource/V._P._Singh=V. P. Singh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/H._D._Deve_Gowda=H. D. Deve Gowda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jessica_Savitch=Jessica Savitch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Ovitz=Michael Ovitz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ardolph_L._Kline=Ardolph L. Kline
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Porter_Rockwell=Porter Rockwell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roger_Short=Roger Short
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lomer_Gouin=Lomer Gouin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bettina_Goislard=Bettina Goislard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_II,_Count_of_Champagne=Henry II, Count of Champagne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Bliss=Michael Bliss
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ahmad_Saeed=Ahmad Saeed
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marie_of_Champagne=Marie of Champagne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Schuman=Robert Schuman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eleanor_Powell=Eleanor Powell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mimi_Rogers=Mimi Rogers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/J._D._Tippit=J. D. Tippit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Donald_Healey=Donald Healey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emanuel_Sperner=Emanuel Sperner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Belle_Boyd=Belle Boyd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Kucera=Henry Kucera
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Connie_Stevens=Connie Stevens
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chris_Argyris=Chris Argyris
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brad_Davis_(actor)=Brad Davis (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilhelm_Schickard=Wilhelm Schickard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angus_Ogilvy=Angus Ogilvy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tadashi_Kuranari=Tadashi Kuranari
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eric_Alterman=Eric Alterman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elizabeth_Van_Lew=Elizabeth Van Lew
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kurt_Eichhorn=Kurt Eichhorn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scott_Cordelle_Bone=Scott Cordelle Bone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barney_Oldfield=Barney Oldfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_Joseph_Mounier=Jean Joseph Mounier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barlaam_of_Seminara=Barlaam of Seminara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lekain=Lekain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Mazursky=Paul Mazursky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Abel_Smith=Henry Abel Smith
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vincent_Astor=Vincent Astor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edwin_M._Stanton=Edwin M. Stanton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Linda_Blair=Linda Blair
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Simon_Cameron=Simon Cameron
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rashad_Khalifa=Rashad Khalifa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dermot_Desmond=Dermot Desmond
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eugene_Field=Eugene Field
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Susan_Collins=Susan Collins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Terry_Zwigoff=Terry Zwigoff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jim_Woodring=Jim Woodring
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_Harkin=Tom Harkin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kereopa_Te_Rau=Kereopa Te Rau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samuel_Ward_King=Samuel Ward King
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Decimus_Junius_Brutus_Callaicus=Decimus Junius Brutus Callaicus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeannette_Charles=Jeannette Charles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Merire=Merire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mike_Rounds=Mike Rounds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bob_Riley=Bob Riley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bill_Richardson=Bill Richardson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ambrose_Philips=Ambrose Philips
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Macready=William Macready
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Mitchell_(musician)=George Mitchell (musician)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Hacket=John Hacket
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Tickell=Thomas Tickell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Letitia_Elizabeth_Landon=Letitia Elizabeth Landon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Forster_(biographer)=John Forster (biographer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abel_Gance=Abel Gance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Lazenby=George Lazenby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patch_Adams=Patch Adams
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leonard_Lord=Leonard Lord
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Morris,_1st_Viscount_Nuffield=William Morris, 1st Viscount Nuffield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vasili_Mitrokhin=Vasili Mitrokhin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Teoberto_Maler=Teoberto Maler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Sissons=Peter Sissons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clarice_Cliff=Clarice Cliff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laura_Linney=Laura Linney
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gordon_Honeycombe=Gordon Honeycombe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Freeman_Thorpe=Freeman Thorpe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marilyn_Hacker=Marilyn Hacker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bob_Holness=Bob Holness
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zeuxis=Zeuxis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samuel_Laman_Blanchard=Samuel Laman Blanchard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Blanchard_Jerrold=William Blanchard Jerrold
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anthony_Edwards=Anthony Edwards
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_D._Lee=John D. Lee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rebecca_Gibney=Rebecca Gibney
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karl_Drais=Karl Drais
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ursula_Andress=Ursula Andress
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samuel_T._Francis=Samuel T. Francis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_I,_Count_of_Champagne=Henry I, Count of Champagne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jukka-Pekka_Saraste=Jukka-Pekka Saraste
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theobald_III,_Count_of_Champagne=Theobald III, Count of Champagne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albert_Schultz=Albert Schultz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glenn_Robbins=Glenn Robbins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stephen_Kemble=Stephen Kemble
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mary_Russell_Mitford=Mary Russell Mitford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Kemble=Charles Kemble
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fanny_Kemble=Fanny Kemble
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Philip_Kemble=John Philip Kemble
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Jephson=Robert Jephson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Moore_(dramatist)=Edward Moore (dramatist)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Marlowe=Paul Marlowe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nathaniel_Lee=Nathaniel Lee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/R._A._MacAvoy=R. A. MacAvoy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ludovico_Antonio_Muratori=Ludovico Antonio Muratori
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shin_Kanemaru=Shin Kanemaru
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hannah_Cowley=Hannah Cowley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seth_Boyden=Seth Boyden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_William_Chitty=Joseph William Chitty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marie_Huber=Marie Huber
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Townshend=Charles Townshend
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Dowdeswell_(Chancellor)=William Dowdeswell (Chancellor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Turner_(naturalist)=William Turner (naturalist)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clarkson_Frederick_Stanfield=Clarkson Frederick Stanfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edwin_Forrest=Edwin Forrest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lawrence_Barrett=Lawrence Barrett
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Archer_(critic)=William Archer (critic)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Platt_Cooke=Joseph Platt Cooke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Josiah_Mason=Josiah Mason
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Gillott=Joseph Gillott
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Richards_Elkington=George Richards Elkington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Hydrick=James Hydrick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wendell_Phillips=Wendell Phillips
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amy_Sherman-Palladino=Amy Sherman-Palladino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wild_Bill_Hickok=Wild Bill Hickok
http://dbpedia.org/resource/C._Lloyd_Morgan=C. Lloyd Morgan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frans_de_Waal=Frans de Waal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Otto_Erich_Deutsch=Otto Erich Deutsch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joan_Sutherland=Joan Sutherland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adam_Brody=Adam Brody
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anthony_Traill_(college_provost)=Anthony Traill (college provost)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raymond_II,_Count_of_Tripoli=Raymond II, Count of Tripoli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pons,_Count_of_Tripoli=Pons, Count of Tripoli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michelle_Reis=Michelle Reis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Julia_Soaemias=Julia Soaemias
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Julia_Maesa=Julia Maesa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Julia_Avita_Mamaea=Julia Avita Mamaea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samson_Chiu=Samson Chiu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francesco_Canova_da_Milano=Francesco Canova da Milano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elijah_Parish_Lovejoy=Elijah Parish Lovejoy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Donald_Swann=Donald Swann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Flanders=Michael Flanders
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Renata_Tebaldi=Renata Tebaldi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilhelm_Wassmuss=Wilhelm Wassmuss
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nino_Burjanadze=Nino Burjanadze
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Thomas_(composer)=David Thomas (composer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leonard_Warren=Leonard Warren
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Connolley=William Connolley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elizabeth_Daily=Elizabeth Daily
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sandi_Toksvig=Sandi Toksvig
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jared_Fogle=Jared Fogle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fayez_Banihammad=Fayez Banihammad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexis_Bledel=Alexis Bledel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bai_Hua=Bai Hua
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dnyaneshwar=Dnyaneshwar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sahim_Alwan=Sahim Alwan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yahya_Goba=Yahya Goba
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shafal_Mosed=Shafal Mosed
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Faysal_Galab=Faysal Galab
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yaseinn_Taher=Yaseinn Taher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dong_Zhuo=Dong Zhuo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eugene_Kleiner=Eugene Kleiner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Ironside=Michael Ironside
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Perkins_(businessman)=Thomas Perkins (businessman)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Willem_de_Vlamingh=Willem de Vlamingh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hendrik_Brouwer=Hendrik Brouwer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis_de_Freycinet=Louis de Freycinet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kurt_Diemberger=Kurt Diemberger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cassie_Bernall=Cassie Bernall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wayne_Northrop=Wayne Northrop
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luigi_Nono=Luigi Nono
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sylvano_Bussotti=Sylvano Bussotti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shivini=Shivini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Renata_Scotto=Renata Scotto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_Bosco_Mwenda=Jean Bosco Mwenda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kiri_Te_Kanawa=Kiri Te Kanawa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pieter_Aertsen=Pieter Aertsen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Etty=William Etty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ottorino_Respighi=Ottorino Respighi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Haywood_Nelson=Haywood Nelson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bertrand,_Count_of_Toulouse=Bertrand, Count of Toulouse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alan_Archibald_Campbell-Swinton=Alan Archibald Campbell-Swinton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elisabeth_Schwarzkopf=Elisabeth Schwarzkopf
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amalia_of_Solms-Braunfels=Amalia of Solms-Braunfels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brad_Garton=Brad Garton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gordon_Onslow_Ford=Gordon Onslow Ford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edmund_Peck=Edmund Peck
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rachel_Scott=Rachel Scott
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marshall_Applewhite=Marshall Applewhite
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shobna_Gulati=Shobna Gulati
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Absalom_Jones=Absalom Jones
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilmer_McLean=Wilmer McLean
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dutch_Schultz=Dutch Schultz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vasily_Safonov=Vasily Safonov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gherasim_Luca=Gherasim Luca
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heinrich_von_Breymann=Heinrich von Breymann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/El_Sayyid_Nosair=El Sayyid Nosair
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Evgeny_Kissin=Evgeny Kissin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Magda_Szubanski=Magda Szubanski
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_Gleisner=Tom Gleisner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Simeon_Gannett_Reed=Simeon Gannett Reed
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rob_Sitch=Rob Sitch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gregory_Crewdson=Gregory Crewdson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gerrard_Winstanley=Gerrard Winstanley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marilyn_Horne=Marilyn Horne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henri-Georges_Clouzot=Henri-Georges Clouzot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mina_Loy=Mina Loy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hans_Makart=Hans Makart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abdul_Karim_Telgi=Abdul Karim Telgi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johan_Bernhard_Hjort=Johan Bernhard Hjort
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matthew_Brady=Matthew Brady
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ramesses_I=Ramesses I
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samuel_Ramey=Samuel Ramey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yancy_Butler=Yancy Butler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Garden_Blaikie=William Garden Blaikie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lyman_Gilmore=Lyman Gilmore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lewis_White_Beck=Lewis White Beck
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sergei_Ivanovich_Tiulpanov=Sergei Ivanovich Tiulpanov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raj_Kapoor=Raj Kapoor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Follen_McKim=Charles Follen McKim
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laurie_Skreslet=Laurie Skreslet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seymour_Melman=Seymour Melman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Santo_Cilauro=Santo Cilauro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Russell_Colvin=John Russell Colvin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Tryon=William Tryon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_H._Crawford=William H. Crawford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_G._Birney=James G. Birney
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barbara_Dulinsky=Barbara Dulinsky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_McNutt_(governor)=Alexander McNutt (governor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walter_Leake=Walter Leake
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Floro_Dery=Floro Dery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicarchus=Nicarchus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prince_Hisaaki=Prince Hisaaki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dong_Xi=Dong Xi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Anderson_(Australian_politician)=John Anderson (Australian politician)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Legge=James Legge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xu_Sheng=Xu Sheng
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liao_Hua=Liao Hua
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wei_Yan=Wei Yan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matthew_Bloxam=Matthew Bloxam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frank_Crean=Frank Crean
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Donald_Stewart_(Scottish_politician)=Donald Stewart (Scottish politician)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_P._Kennedy=John P. Kennedy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Barlow_(diplomat)=John Barlow (diplomat)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Shane=Paul Shane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Donner=Richard Donner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frederick_William_Vanderbilt=Frederick William Vanderbilt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Bolcom=William Bolcom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stefan_Raab=Stefan Raab
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Carradine=John Carradine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laurence_Henry_Hicks=Laurence Henry Hicks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christine_Jorgensen=Christine Jorgensen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walter_H._Breen=Walter H. Breen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alain_Boublil=Alain Boublil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Larry_Spencer=Larry Spencer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_de_Bono=Edward de Bono
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iron_Eyes_Cody=Iron Eyes Cody
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_Berenger=Tom Berenger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rachel_Ward=Rachel Ward
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_Raworth=Tom Raworth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Miller_(parachutist)=James Miller (parachutist)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lew_Welch=Lew Welch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philip_Delaporte=Philip Delaporte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anne_de_Montmorency=Anne de Montmorency
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis_Paul_Boon=Louis Paul Boon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Gordon_(philanthropist)=Robert Gordon (philanthropist)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Draupadi=Draupadi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rosmarie_Waldrop=Rosmarie Waldrop
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ptolemy_VIII_Physcon=Ptolemy VIII Physcon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Teresa_de_Lauretis=Teresa de Lauretis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alex_Vieux=Alex Vieux
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Simon_Ammann=Simon Ammann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Dmytryk=Edward Dmytryk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dan_Butler=Dan Butler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diadumenian=Diadumenian
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Jerdan=William Jerdan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albany_Fonblanque=Albany Fonblanque
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_R._Rice=John R. Rice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Lisle_Bowles=William Lisle Bowles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_E._DeBakey=Michael E. DeBakey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Aird=Thomas Aird
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Motherwell=William Motherwell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francis_Townsend=Francis Townsend
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tola_(Bible)=Tola (Bible)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Peter_Salomon=Johann Peter Salomon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fletcher_Knebel=Fletcher Knebel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dom_Mintoff=Dom Mintoff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vincent_of_Beauvais=Vincent of Beauvais
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Stafford_(politician)=Edward Stafford (politician)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michel_Courtemanche=Michel Courtemanche
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis_B._Mayer=Louis B. Mayer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kai_Budde=Kai Budde
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tolibjon_Sadikov=Tolibjon Sadikov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicky_Gavron=Nicky Gavron
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michel_Piccoli=Michel Piccoli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caroline_Quentin=Caroline Quentin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Bell_Scott=William Bell Scott
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giulio_Douhet=Giulio Douhet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Scott_(painter)=David Scott (painter)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Minto=William Minto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edwin_Chadwick=Edwin Chadwick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Southwood_Smith=Thomas Southwood Smith
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Hawkins_(naval_commander)=John Hawkins (naval commander)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marcus_Manlius=Marcus Manlius
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gnaeus_Naevius=Gnaeus Naevius
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Stewart,_1st_Earl_of_Moray=James Stewart, 1st Earl of Moray
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rosie_Nix_Adams=Rosie Nix Adams
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christopher_McKee=Christopher McKee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rodolfo_Usigli=Rodolfo Usigli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Margaret_Livingstone=Margaret Livingstone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Margaret_Livingston=Margaret Livingston
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mary_Ann_Bickerdyke=Mary Ann Bickerdyke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lionel_Ngakane=Lionel Ngakane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thurl_Ravenscroft=Thurl Ravenscroft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Herrmann=Edward Herrmann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Graeme_Jenkins=Graeme Jenkins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Bach=Edward Bach
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ad_Herbal=Ad Herbal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rikki=Rikki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ethel_Barrymore=Ethel Barrymore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/P._W._Botha=P. W. Botha
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Wilbon=Michael Wilbon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strother_Martin=Strother Martin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Remnick=David Remnick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philipp_Frank=Philipp Frank
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Wharton=Joseph Wharton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Beamont=William Beamont
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Balbinus=Balbinus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pupienus=Pupienus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ron_Hardy=Ron Hardy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Asta_Nielsen=Asta Nielsen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gustaf_Grefberg=Gustaf Grefberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Douglas_William_Jerrold=Douglas William Jerrold
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_William_Elliston=Robert William Elliston
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francis,_Duke_of_Guise=Francis, Duke of Guise
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles,_Cardinal_of_Lorraine=Charles, Cardinal of Lorraine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Radley_Metzger=Radley Metzger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lajos_Kossuth=Lajos Kossuth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Webert_Sicot=Webert Sicot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laurence_Hartnett=Laurence Hartnett
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alois_Kayser=Alois Kayser
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Anthony_Fonblanque=John Anthony Fonblanque
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mark_Assad=Mark Assad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joe_Piscopo=Joe Piscopo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hamilton_Fish=Hamilton Fish
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tim_Roth=Tim Roth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seth_MacFarlane=Seth MacFarlane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fred_Foster=Fred Foster
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luther_Terry=Luther Terry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eben_Moglen=Eben Moglen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Walter_Scott=Thomas Walter Scott
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfred_Drake=Alfred Drake
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peaches_Browning=Peaches Browning
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carol_J._Adams=Carol J. Adams
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_O._Smith=George O. Smith
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indra_Devi=Indra Devi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Leite=David Leite
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marina_Raskova=Marina Raskova
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theobald_II_of_Navarre=Theobald II of Navarre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nutan=Nutan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jan_Simonsen=Jan Simonsen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alain_Robert=Alain Robert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Iler=Robert Iler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mary_Livermore=Mary Livermore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gaius_Julius_Priscus=Gaius Julius Priscus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ali_Bey_Al-Kabir=Ali Bey Al-Kabir
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pauline_Cushman=Pauline Cushman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nikolay_Kamov=Nikolay Kamov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_A._Young=John A. Young
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lewis_E._Platt=Lewis E. Platt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ole_C._Johnson=Ole C. Johnson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Annea_Lockwood=Annea Lockwood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joan_Tower=Joan Tower
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sofia_Gubaidulina=Sofia Gubaidulina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joan_La_Barbara=Joan La Barbara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alvin_M._Strauss=Alvin M. Strauss
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kate_Carew=Kate Carew
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Roscoe=William Roscoe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Flatley=Michael Flatley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walter_Savage_Landor=Walter Savage Landor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aurel_Vlaicu=Aurel Vlaicu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henri_Lavedan=Henri Lavedan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christoffer_Gabel=Christoffer Gabel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dennis_Hayes=Dennis Hayes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrew_Morton_(computer_programmer)=Andrew Morton (computer programmer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friedrich_Torberg=Friedrich Torberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_White_(theologian)=James White (theologian)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Montgomery_Boice=James Montgomery Boice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Herbert_W._Kalmbach=Herbert W. Kalmbach
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quanah_Parker=Quanah Parker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Percy_Pilcher=Percy Pilcher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bud_Bird=Bud Bird
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Demond_Wilson=Demond Wilson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mark_Cook_(musician)=Mark Cook (musician)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anders_Linder=Anders Linder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vicente_Huidobro=Vicente Huidobro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_Louisa_Kelly=Jean Louisa Kelly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daws_Butler=Daws Butler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Massimo_Salvadori=Massimo Salvadori
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sean_Biggerstaff=Sean Biggerstaff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bev_Harris=Bev Harris
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marcia_Gay_Harden=Marcia Gay Harden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Agostino_Agazzari=Agostino Agazzari
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Publius_Cornelius_Scipio_Nasica=Publius Cornelius Scipio Nasica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Trollmann=Johann Trollmann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wu_Cheng'en=Wu Cheng'en
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vincent_d'Indy=Vincent d'Indy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ali_Khamenei=Ali Khamenei
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_Heinrich_Graun=Carl Heinrich Graun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pier_Francesco_Tosi=Pier Francesco Tosi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abdurahman_Khadr=Abdurahman Khadr
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Badge_Dale=James Badge Dale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sylvain_Chomet=Sylvain Chomet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Howard,_5th_Duke_of_Norfolk=Thomas Howard, 5th Duke of Norfolk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luc_Steels=Luc Steels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beth_Anderson_(composer)=Beth Anderson (composer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christopher_Hogwood=Christopher Hogwood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kevin_B._MacDonald=Kevin B. MacDonald
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maryon_Pearson=Maryon Pearson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anna_Chlumsky=Anna Chlumsky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_F._Kennan=George F. Kennan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Jessel_(jurist)=George Jessel (jurist)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Ingram=Charles Ingram
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christian_Sinding=Christian Sinding
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Dingell=John Dingell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack_Horrigan=Jack Horrigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Larry_Felser=Larry Felser
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Will_McDonough=Will McDonough
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harry_Lauder=Harry Lauder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roberto_Assagioli=Roberto Assagioli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Geills_Turner=Geills Turner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karen_Wynn_Fonstad=Karen Wynn Fonstad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Phillips=Peter Phillips
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Olive_Diefenbaker=Olive Diefenbaker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeanne_St._Laurent=Jeanne St. Laurent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joe_Scarborough=Joe Scarborough
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isabel_Meighen=Isabel Meighen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laura_Borden=Laura Borden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frances_Tupper=Frances Tupper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Annie_Thompson=Annie Thompson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Agnes_Macdonald,_1st_Baroness_Macdonald_of_Earnscliffe=Agnes Macdonald, 1st Baroness Macdonald of Earnscliffe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jane_Mackenzie=Jane Mackenzie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_L._O'Sullivan=John L. O'Sullivan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Horton_(theologian)=Michael Horton (theologian)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sheila_Martin=Sheila Martin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ira_D._Sankey=Ira D. Sankey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Judd_Nelson=Judd Nelson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Kennan_(explorer)=George Kennan (explorer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Burnheim=John Burnheim
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arthur_Helps=Arthur Helps
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vladimir_Voronin=Vladimir Voronin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Buller=Charles Buller
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Gray_(poet)=David Gray (poet)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Glassford_Bell=Henry Glassford Bell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Macbeth_Moir=David Macbeth Moir
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brendan_Fraser=Brendan Fraser
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sydney_Thompson_Dobell=Sydney Thompson Dobell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Causey=Richard Causey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gerald_Massey=Gerald Massey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Churton_Collins=John Churton Collins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_William_Crosskey=Henry William Crosskey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Dawson_(preacher)=George Dawson (preacher)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Carvill_Lewis=Henry Carvill Lewis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sandra_Shamas=Sandra Shamas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hannah_Storm=Hannah Storm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theresa_Berkley=Theresa Berkley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Scott,_1st_Earl_of_Eldon=John Scott, 1st Earl of Eldon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Erskine,_1st_Baron_Erskine=Thomas Erskine, 1st Baron Erskine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Pepys,_1st_Earl_of_Cottenham=Charles Pepys, 1st Earl of Cottenham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Copley,_1st_Baron_Lyndhurst=John Copley, 1st Baron Lyndhurst
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wali_Khan_Amin_Shah=Wali Khan Amin Shah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hugh_Kenner=Hugh Kenner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfred_Eisenstaedt=Alfred Eisenstaedt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Wilde,_1st_Baron_Truro=Thomas Wilde, 1st Baron Truro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Rolfe,_1st_Baron_Cranworth=Robert Rolfe, 1st Baron Cranworth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cynthia_Ann_Parker=Cynthia Ann Parker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Campbell,_1st_Baron_Campbell=John Campbell, 1st Baron Campbell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Owen_D._Young=Owen D. Young
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phineas_Gage=Phineas Gage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pehr_Kalm=Pehr Kalm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mikhail_Kalinin=Mikhail Kalinin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Kite=Robert Kite
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DJ_Hell=DJ Hell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Nelson=Edward Nelson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_A._Gross=David A. Gross
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fujiko_Fujio=Fujiko Fujio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arnold_Dreyblatt=Arnold Dreyblatt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rob_Gifford=Rob Gifford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Erwin_Panofsky=Erwin Panofsky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gene_Tyranny=Gene Tyranny
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Viktor_Belenko=Viktor Belenko
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raymond_Leppard=Raymond Leppard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Morton_Subotnick=Morton Subotnick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colin_McPhee=Colin McPhee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Rosenboom=David Rosenboom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Hemmings=David Hemmings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frederick_Haynes_Newell=Frederick Haynes Newell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacobus_Arminius=Jacobus Arminius
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Woltman=George Woltman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marie_Lloyd=Marie Lloyd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anton_Hansen_Tammsaare=Anton Hansen Tammsaare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Warren_Robinett=Warren Robinett
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Hardiman=James Hardiman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charlie_Taylor_(mechanic)=Charlie Taylor (mechanic)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Stewart,_4th_Earl_of_Atholl=John Stewart, 4th Earl of Atholl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Bulwer-Lytton,_1st_Earl_of_Lytton=Robert Bulwer-Lytton, 1st Earl of Lytton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Kempe=John Kempe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mario_D'Agata=Mario D'Agata
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apries=Apries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Costello=Peter Costello
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jordi_Sabater_Pi=Jordi Sabater Pi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Berechiah_ha-Nakdan=Berechiah ha-Nakdan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Friedrich_Fasch=Johann Friedrich Fasch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miss_Van=Miss Van
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Nicoll_Barnes=George Nicoll Barnes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peng_Guangqian=Peng Guangqian
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Giffen=Robert Giffen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Krust=Krust
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anna_Seward=Anna Seward
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bewick_Bridge=Bewick Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Wright_of_Derby=Joseph Wright of Derby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_William_Dale=Robert William Dale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kenneth_Anger=Kenneth Anger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Franciscus_Gomarus=Franciscus Gomarus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Micky_Finn=Micky Finn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andy_Kershaw=Andy Kershaw
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Florencio_Flores_Aguilar=Florencio Flores Aguilar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Outram_(mountaineer)=James Outram (mountaineer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_First=David First
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oliver_Evans=Oliver Evans
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Luckmann=Thomas Luckmann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Severo_Bonini=Severo Bonini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Krystian_Zimerman=Krystian Zimerman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Flagler=Henry Flagler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Khadaffy_Janjalani=Khadaffy Janjalani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Publius_Valerius_Laevinus=Publius Valerius Laevinus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elisabeth_Lutyens=Elisabeth Lutyens
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Larry_Austin=Larry Austin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ben_Weber_(composer)=Ben Weber (composer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Tully_(Irish_politician)=James Tully (Irish politician)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I._F._Stone=I. F. Stone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roger_Reynolds=Roger Reynolds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hacker=The Hacker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chen_Li-an=Chen Li-an
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sinsharishkun=Sinsharishkun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Buckley_(convict)=William Buckley (convict)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Justinus_Kerner=Justinus Kerner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nikolaus_Lenau=Nikolaus Lenau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Veit_Ludwig_von_Seckendorff=Veit Ludwig von Seckendorff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jiajing_Emperor=Jiajing Emperor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peadar_Kearney=Peadar Kearney
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adolf_Reubke=Adolf Reubke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Julius_Reubke=Julius Reubke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doug_Naylor=Doug Naylor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gustav_Krupp_von_Bohlen_und_Halbach=Gustav Krupp von Bohlen und Halbach
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rob_Grant=Rob Grant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zine_El_Abidine_Ben_Ali=Zine El Abidine Ben Ali
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Llewellyn=Robert Llewellyn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samuel_Goldwyn=Samuel Goldwyn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Jackson_(producer)=Paul Jackson (producer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/W._Clement_Stone=W. Clement Stone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Terry_Farrell_(actress)=Terry Farrell (actress)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manuel_de_Falla=Manuel de Falla
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Said_Bahaji=Said Bahaji
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Agnes_de_Mille=Agnes de Mille
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicole_Richie=Nicole Richie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cesar_Romero=Cesar Romero
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fakhr-al-Din_II=Fakhr-al-Din II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thorismund=Thorismund
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theodoric_II=Theodoric II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cao_Ren=Cao Ren
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isabella_Macdonald=Isabella Macdonald
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anatoli_Boukreev=Anatoli Boukreev
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karin_Dor=Karin Dor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Addie=Robert Addie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patrick_McGoohan=Patrick McGoohan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Muhammad_Ibrahim=Muhammad Ibrahim
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Julian_McMahon=Julian McMahon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baron_Hill=Baron Hill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hiram_Percy_Maxim=Hiram Percy Maxim
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ashur-uballit_I=Ashur-uballit I
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shuttarna_II=Shuttarna II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Formby=George Formby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gilukhipa=Gilukhipa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_Bates=Tom Bates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_DiMaggio=John DiMaggio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Faurisson=Robert Faurisson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mary_Moorman=Mary Moorman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pamela_Jones=Pamela Jones
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vera-Ellen=Vera-Ellen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mamoru_Shigemitsu=Mamoru Shigemitsu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Lacroix=Robert Lacroix
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daniel_Chorzempa=Daniel Chorzempa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Sewell=John Sewell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Austin_Steward=Austin Steward
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Dmytruk=Peter Dmytruk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeanne_Lapauze=Jeanne Lapauze
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rabbie_Namaliu=Rabbie Namaliu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis_Botha=Louis Botha
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giovanni_Bottesini=Giovanni Bottesini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pietro_Alessandro_Guglielmi=Pietro Alessandro Guglielmi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Napper_Tandy=James Napper Tandy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Multatuli=Multatuli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hans_Globke=Hans Globke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ignacy_Oziewicz=Ignacy Oziewicz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tadeusz_Kurcyusz=Tadeusz Kurcyusz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mireya_Moscoso=Mireya Moscoso
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hao_Lulu=Hao Lulu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Havelock_Ellis=Havelock Ellis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stefan_Rowecki=Stefan Rowecki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pietro_Ziani=Pietro Ziani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Lowndes_(astronomer)=Thomas Lowndes (astronomer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pedro_Pires=Pedro Pires
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abel_Pacheco=Abel Pacheco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Markie_Post=Markie Post
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gyude_Bryant=Gyude Bryant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yahya_Jammeh=Yahya Jammeh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kim_Yong-nam=Kim Yong-nam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Khamtai_Siphandon=Khamtai Siphandon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tubal_Uriah_Butler=Tubal Uriah Butler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Maxwell_Davies=Peter Maxwell Davies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hugh_III_of_Cyprus=Hugh III of Cyprus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mohammed_Jamal_Khalifa=Mohammed Jamal Khalifa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bethany_Hamilton=Bethany Hamilton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Todd_Haynes=Todd Haynes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Tomarken=Peter Tomarken
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eberhard_Arnold=Eberhard Arnold
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zhang_Qun=Zhang Qun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Bowdoin_III=James Bowdoin III
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Corneliu_Vadim_Tudor=Corneliu Vadim Tudor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Neal_S._Dow=Neal S. Dow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Hepplewhite=George Hepplewhite
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philippe_Manoury=Philippe Manoury
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pascal_Dusapin=Pascal Dusapin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jimmy_Smits=Jimmy Smits
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Britt_Ekland=Britt Ekland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sebastian_Cabot_(actor)=Sebastian Cabot (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ricky_Wilde=Ricky Wilde
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luo_Binwang=Luo Binwang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leon_Askin=Leon Askin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Martin_Kraus=Joseph Martin Kraus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vasant_Purushottam_Kale=Vasant Purushottam Kale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shi_Nai'an=Shi Nai'an
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Runciman=John Runciman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ezra_Taft_Benson=Ezra Taft Benson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alan_Davidson_(food_writer)=Alan Davidson (food writer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Friedkin=William Friedkin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mike_Leigh=Mike Leigh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giovanni_Lonfernini=Giovanni Lonfernini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fradique_de_Menezes=Fradique de Menezes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Kagame=Paul Kagame
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Natapei=Edward Natapei
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Bani=John Bani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ronald_Venetiaan=Ronald Venetiaan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emomalii_Rahmon=Emomalii Rahmon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Omar_al-Bashir=Omar al-Bashir
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abdul_Qadir_Bajamal=Abdul Qadir Bajamal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ralph_Gonsalves=Ralph Gonsalves
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sergei_Sidorsky=Sergei Sidorsky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Khaleda_Zia=Khaleda Zia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Khalifa_bin_Salman_Al_Khalifa=Khalifa bin Salman Al Khalifa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paramanga_Ernest_Yonli=Paramanga Ernest Yonli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wolfgang_Heidenfeld=Wolfgang Heidenfeld
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hun_Sen=Hun Sen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mario_Dumont=Mario Dumont
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dileita_Mohamed_Dileita=Dileita Mohamed Dileita
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apolo_Nsibambi=Apolo Nsibambi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sonny_Landham=Sonny Landham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saufatu_Sopoanga=Saufatu Sopoanga
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mohamed_Ghannouchi=Mohamed Ghannouchi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daniyal_Akhmetov=Daniyal Akhmetov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Koffi_Sama=Koffi Sama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rex_Barnes=Rex Barnes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oqil_Oqilov=Oqil Oqilov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Randy_Glasbergen=Randy Glasbergen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Deutsch=Peter Deutsch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nouhak_Phoumsavanh=Nouhak Phoumsavanh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_III_of_Cyprus=James III of Cyprus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_II_of_Cyprus=John II of Cyprus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mary_Elizabeth_Lease=Mary Elizabeth Lease
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ida_B._Wells=Ida B. Wells
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hugh_I_of_Cyprus=Hugh I of Cyprus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Drew_Pearson_(journalist)=Drew Pearson (journalist)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lorne_Nystrom=Lorne Nystrom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wadih_el-Hage=Wadih el-Hage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ajit_Jogi=Ajit Jogi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Blake=Edward Blake
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heinrich_Hertel=Heinrich Hertel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heinrich_Nordhoff=Heinrich Nordhoff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aloke_Dutta=Aloke Dutta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mats_Svegfors=Mats Svegfors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bill_Bruford=Bill Bruford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shih_Ming-teh=Shih Ming-teh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frieder_Nake=Frieder Nake
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Donna_Awatere_Huata=Donna Awatere Huata
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peace_Pilgrim=Peace Pilgrim
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack_Osbourne=Jack Osbourne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albert_Kahn_(architect)=Albert Kahn (architect)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roger_Morse=Roger Morse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andreas_Libavius=Andreas Libavius
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joshua_Bell=Joshua Bell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scott_Fischer=Scott Fischer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_Weathers=Carl Weathers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Margaret_Corbin=Margaret Corbin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ralph_Maxwell_Lewis=Ralph Maxwell Lewis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harvey_Spencer_Lewis=Harvey Spencer Lewis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dan_Inosanto=Dan Inosanto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Donna_Reed=Donna Reed
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yvon_Neptune=Yvon Neptune
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jules_Ajodhia=Jules Ajodhia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goh_Kun=Goh Kun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_Kettle=Black Kettle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacques_Sylla=Jacques Sylla
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rafic_Hariri=Rafic Hariri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ahmed_Mohamed_ag_Hamani=Ahmed Mohamed ag Hamani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eddie_Fenech_Adami=Eddie Fenech Adami
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sghair_Ould_M'Bareck=Sghair Ould M'Bareck
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patrick_Leclercq=Patrick Leclercq
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pascoal_Mocumbi=Pascoal Mocumbi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bernard_Makuza=Bernard Makuza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hama_Amadou=Hama Amadou
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theo-Ben_Gurirab=Theo-Ben Gurirab
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beatriz_Merino=Beatriz Merino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Lapli=John Lapli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frederick_Ballantyne=Frederick Ballantyne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Salem_bin_Laden=Salem bin Laden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Faimalaga_Luka=Faimalaga Luka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abe_Saperstein=Abe Saperstein
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Granville_Woods=Granville Woods
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Kelly_(inventor)=William Kelly (inventor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Melvin_Parker=Melvin Parker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raymond_Kaskey=Raymond Kaskey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Inman=John Inman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ed_Limato=Ed Limato
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_West_Skiles=William West Skiles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brian_Helgeland=Brian Helgeland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mary_Ann_Mobley=Mary Ann Mobley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emmett_Dalton=Emmett Dalton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Annie_Oakley=Annie Oakley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ray_Combs=Ray Combs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Nicholas=Edward Nicholas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Craggs_the_Elder=James Craggs the Elder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diego_Salcedo_(soldier)=Diego Salcedo (soldier)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mazarine_Pingeot=Mazarine Pingeot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack_Hitt=Jack Hitt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Snow_Harris=William Snow Harris
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lyn_Hejinian=Lyn Hejinian
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jane_Mouton=Jane Mouton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mike_Clattenburg=Mike Clattenburg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Sarwer-Foner=Henry Sarwer-Foner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rae_Armantrout=Rae Armantrout
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anne_Perry=Anne Perry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sid_Field=Sid Field
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theodoor_Hendrik_van_de_Velde=Theodoor Hendrik van de Velde
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dev_Anand=Dev Anand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Conway=Thomas Conway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Otway=Thomas Otway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Henry_Bragg=William Henry Bragg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Azie_Taylor_Morton=Azie Taylor Morton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roden_Noel=Roden Noel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacques_Lelong=Jacques Lelong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yu_Suzuki=Yu Suzuki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hans-Rudolf_Merz=Hans-Rudolf Merz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scarface_Charley=Scarface Charley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sancho_VII_of_Navarre=Sancho VII of Navarre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Goodnight=Charles Goodnight
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Lennox,_3rd_Duke_of_Richmond=Charles Lennox, 3rd Duke of Richmond
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Nassau_de_Zuylestein,_4th_Earl_of_Rochford=William Nassau de Zuylestein, 4th Earl of Rochford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kenneth_G._Wilson=Kenneth G. Wilson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wills_Hill,_1st_Marquess_of_Downshire=Wills Hill, 1st Marquess of Downshire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Hampden-Trevor,_3rd_Viscount_Hampden=John Hampden-Trevor, 3rd Viscount Hampden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_McLaughlin_(host)=John McLaughlin (host)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Crocker=Charles Crocker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_St_John=Henry St John
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Harley,_1st_Earl_of_Oxford_and_Earl_Mortimer=Robert Harley, 1st Earl of Oxford and Earl Mortimer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_F._H._Henry=Carl F. H. Henry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ted_Healy=Ted Healy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Seddon_(cabinetmaker)=George Seddon (cabinetmaker)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Satyendra_Dubey=Satyendra Dubey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miantonomoh=Miantonomoh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uncas=Uncas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicolas_Baudin=Nicolas Baudin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_John_Hamilton=William John Hamilton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_J._McGivney=Michael J. McGivney
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joanne_Kyger=Joanne Kyger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frank_Bough=Frank Bough
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hannah_Weiner=Hannah Weiner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Artedi=Peter Artedi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ernest_Belfort_Bax=Ernest Belfort Bax
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Blatchford=Robert Blatchford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfred_Richard_Orage=Alfred Richard Orage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Carpenter=Edward Carpenter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis_Maimbourg=Louis Maimbourg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrew_Calimach=Andrew Calimach
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philip_Yorke,_2nd_Earl_of_Hardwicke=Philip Yorke, 2nd Earl of Hardwicke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Friedrich_von_Brandt=Johann Friedrich von Brandt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mark_Danner=Mark Danner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philip_Yorke,_1st_Earl_of_Hardwicke=Philip Yorke, 1st Earl of Hardwicke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philip_Yorke,_3rd_Earl_of_Hardwicke=Philip Yorke, 3rd Earl of Hardwicke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Yorke,_4th_Earl_of_Hardwicke=Charles Yorke, 4th Earl of Hardwicke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Cooper_(conchologist)=William Cooper (conchologist)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Talbot,_1st_Baron_Talbot=Charles Talbot, 1st Baron Talbot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Koster=Henry Koster
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Holmes_McGuffey=William Holmes McGuffey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deborah=Deborah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ryoko_Tani=Ryoko Tani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sarah_Chang=Sarah Chang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yehoshua_Porath=Yehoshua Porath
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrea_Del_Boca=Andrea Del Boca
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sebastian_Shaw_(actor)=Sebastian Shaw (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Larry_Polansky=Larry Polansky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfred_Schnittke=Alfred Schnittke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ann_Lee=Ann Lee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gracie_Fields=Gracie Fields
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alice_Cary=Alice Cary
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Carver_(Mayflower_passenger)=John Carver (Mayflower passenger)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Murder_of_Dru_Sjodin=Murder of Dru Sjodin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tina_Darragh=Tina Darragh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nathan_Mayer_Rothschild=Nathan Mayer Rothschild
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edmond_James_de_Rothschild=Edmond James de Rothschild
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ernest_Dowson=Ernest Dowson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ian_Hamilton_(advocate)=Ian Hamilton (advocate)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_H._Macy=William H. Macy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yasumi_Matsuno=Yasumi Matsuno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Augustinas_Voldemaras=Augustinas Voldemaras
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brian_Reynolds_(game_designer)=Brian Reynolds (game designer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samuel_William_Smith=Samuel William Smith
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_C._Dement=William C. Dement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Bernstein=Charles Bernstein
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frank_Tudor=Frank Tudor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Constant_Chevillon=Constant Chevillon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aistulf=Aistulf
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dorothea_Brande=Dorothea Brande
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Mulhare=Edward Mulhare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christian_Daniel_Rauch=Christian Daniel Rauch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfred_d'Orsay=Alfred d'Orsay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friedrich_Wilhelm_von_Seydlitz=Friedrich Wilhelm von Seydlitz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Gadsden=James Gadsden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hans_Karl_von_Diebitsch=Hans Karl von Diebitsch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christopher_Gadsden=Christopher Gadsden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boyd_K._Packer=Boyd K. Packer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eugen_Roth=Eugen Roth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mary_Morello=Mary Morello
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scott_Meyers=Scott Meyers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/T._R._Pearson=T. R. Pearson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maggie_Gyllenhaal=Maggie Gyllenhaal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Danny_John-Jules=Danny John-Jules
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Frost=David Frost
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francis_Cooke=Francis Cooke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crispin_Glover=Crispin Glover
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lea_Thompson=Lea Thompson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eric_Roberts=Eric Roberts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dick_York=Dick York
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gertrude_Chandler_Warner=Gertrude Chandler Warner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ilia_Chavchavadze=Ilia Chavchavadze
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Margaret_Widdemer=Margaret Widdemer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christie_Hefner=Christie Hefner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ernie_Harwell=Ernie Harwell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Mapfumo=Thomas Mapfumo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dmitriy_Ustinov=Dmitriy Ustinov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mikhail_Suslov=Mikhail Suslov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Holter=John Holter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seymour_I._Rubinstein=Seymour I. Rubinstein
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zebulon_Baird_Vance=Zebulon Baird Vance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Helen_Darville=Helen Darville
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeri_Ryan=Jeri Ryan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Billy_Snedden=Billy Snedden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Howard_Jarvis=Howard Jarvis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Box_Brown=Henry Box Brown
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dhanraj_Pillay=Dhanraj Pillay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Herbert_Hupka=Herbert Hupka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lewis_Baltz=Lewis Baltz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glen_A._Larson=Glen A. Larson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Shaara=Michael Shaara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_Godwin=Tom Godwin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raymond_Z._Gallun=Raymond Z. Gallun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Mayo_Brewer=Thomas Mayo Brewer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shavkat_Mirziyoyev=Shavkat Mirziyoyev
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ivo_Sanader=Ivo Sanader
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Hervey,_2nd_Baron_Hervey=John Hervey, 2nd Baron Hervey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Cassin=John Cassin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Hervey,_1st_Earl_of_Bristol=John Hervey, 1st Earl of Bristol
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Hervey,_2nd_Earl_of_Bristol=George Hervey, 2nd Earl of Bristol
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Heneage_Jesse=John Heneage Jesse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elizabeth_Pierrepont,_Duchess_of_Kingston-upon-Hull=Elizabeth Pierrepont, Duchess of Kingston-upon-Hull
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lenore_Kandel=Lenore Kandel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Jesse=Edward Jesse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Howard_Rheingold=Howard Rheingold
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samuel_Foote=Samuel Foote
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frederick_Hervey,_1st_Marquess_of_Bristol=Frederick Hervey, 1st Marquess of Bristol
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heinrich_Harrer=Heinrich Harrer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frederick_Hervey,_4th_Earl_of_Bristol=Frederick Hervey, 4th Earl of Bristol
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Digby,_2nd_Earl_of_Bristol=George Digby, 2nd Earl of Bristol
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeff_Hawkins=Jeff Hawkins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_F._Newcombe=Charles F. Newcombe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Milton_Bearden=Milton Bearden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andreas_Christoph_Graf=Andreas Christoph Graf
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Graham,_1st_Marquess_of_Montrose=James Graham, 1st Marquess of Montrose
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Wortley_Montagu=Edward Wortley Montagu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lady_Mary_Wortley_Montagu=Lady Mary Wortley Montagu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Omer_Simeon=Omer Simeon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patrick_Gordon=Patrick Gordon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Gordon,_2nd_Marquess_of_Huntly=George Gordon, 2nd Marquess of Huntly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maxine_Klibingaitis=Maxine Klibingaitis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ted_Rogers_(comedian)=Ted Rogers (comedian)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Sandys_(classicist)=John Sandys (classicist)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Gordon,_1st_Marquess_of_Huntly=George Gordon, 1st Marquess of Huntly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sigmund_Romberg=Sigmund Romberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francis_Hay,_9th_Earl_of_Erroll=Francis Hay, 9th Earl of Erroll
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Calderwood=Henry Calderwood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christian_Bernard=Christian Bernard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Scarborough=George Scarborough
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ekaterina_Karsten=Ekaterina Karsten
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sir_John_Hotham,_1st_Baronet=Sir John Hotham, 1st Baronet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wyatt_Earp=Wyatt Earp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Wriothesley,_1st_Earl_of_Southampton=Thomas Wriothesley, 1st Earl of Southampton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Juli_Furtado=Juli Furtado
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Haik_Hovsepian_Mehr=Haik Hovsepian Mehr
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marcelo_Cassaro=Marcelo Cassaro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dilip_Kumar=Dilip Kumar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ants_Eskola=Ants Eskola
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Erica_Awano=Erica Awano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfred_Valenzuela=Alfred Valenzuela
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kenneth_More=Kenneth More
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abbas_Kiarostami=Abbas Kiarostami
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis_Jean_Pierre_Vieillot=Louis Jean Pierre Vieillot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hubertus_von_Amelunxen=Hubertus von Amelunxen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patricia_Arquette=Patricia Arquette
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abe_Reles=Abe Reles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Helen_Mason_(journalist)=Helen Mason (journalist)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lee_McGeorge_Durrell=Lee McGeorge Durrell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Julia_Grant=Julia Grant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pat_Nixon=Pat Nixon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Catherine_Oxenberg=Catherine Oxenberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Virgil_Earp=Virgil Earp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Ross_(Cherokee_chief)=John Ross (Cherokee chief)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hendrik_Willem_van_Loon=Hendrik Willem van Loon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mila_Kunis=Mila Kunis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Esther_Rolle=Esther Rolle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anthony_Boucher=Anthony Boucher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daniel_F._Galouye=Daniel F. Galouye
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_P._Rogers=William P. Rogers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roger_Elwood=Roger Elwood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reuben_Fine=Reuben Fine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alan_Charles_Kors=Alan Charles Kors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ida_S._Scudder=Ida S. Scudder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ian_Sinclair=Ian Sinclair
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Vernon_Harcourt_(politician)=William Vernon Harcourt (politician)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francesco_Cetti=Francesco Cetti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Preston_Sturges=Preston Sturges
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tim_Fischer=Tim Fischer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Franco_Andrea_Bonelli=Franco Andrea Bonelli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gustav_Radde=Gustav Radde
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stefan_Themerson=Stefan Themerson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Allan_Octavian_Hume=Allan Octavian Hume
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mikhail_Vodopyanov=Mikhail Vodopyanov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samira_Shahbandar=Samira Shahbandar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alberto_della_Marmora=Alberto della Marmora
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barry_St._Leger=Barry St. Leger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicholas_Herkimer=Nicholas Herkimer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Aitkens=Michael Aitkens
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Sampson_Woodfall=Henry Sampson Woodfall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Glover_(poet)=Richard Glover (poet)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Herkimer=John Herkimer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_V._Roth,_Jr.=William V. Roth, Jr.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philip_Francis_(politician)=Philip Francis (politician)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Manners,_3rd_Duke_of_Rutland=John Manners, 3rd Duke of Rutland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yin_Zheng=Yin Zheng
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yemelyan_Pugachev=Yemelyan Pugachev
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lori_Loughlin=Lori Loughlin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Davis_(English_explorer)=John Davis (English explorer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aeschines=Aeschines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dahlia_Ravikovitch=Dahlia Ravikovitch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Mason_Good=John Mason Good
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matt_Aitken=Matt Aitken
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Messaoud_Bellemou=Messaoud Bellemou
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samuel_Hopkins_Adams=Samuel Hopkins Adams
http://dbpedia.org/resource/C._P._Connolly=C. P. Connolly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Hudson_(musician)=David Hudson (musician)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mathias_Feist=Mathias Feist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leo_Frank=Leo Frank
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ioan_Gruffudd=Ioan Gruffudd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Edgcumbe,_1st_Baron_Edgcumbe=Richard Edgcumbe, 1st Baron Edgcumbe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joshua_Lawrence=Joshua Lawrence
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michel_Roger_Lafosse=Michel Roger Lafosse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Dobson_(amateur_astronomer)=John Dobson (amateur astronomer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Spring_Rice,_1st_Baron_Monteagle_of_Brandon=Thomas Spring Rice, 1st Baron Monteagle of Brandon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicholas_Vansittart,_1st_Baron_Bexley=Nicholas Vansittart, 1st Baron Bexley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gustavo_A._Madero=Gustavo A. Madero
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francis_Light=Francis Light
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_Baptiste_Charbonneau=Jean Baptiste Charbonneau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis_Barthou=Louis Barthou
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Husayn_ibn_Ali=Husayn ibn Ali
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ray_Solomonoff=Ray Solomonoff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christian_Gmelin=Christian Gmelin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Georg_Gmelin=Johann Georg Gmelin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Al_Michaels=Al Michaels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DJ_Patife=DJ Patife
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andy_Serkis=Andy Serkis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Murli_Manohar_Joshi=Murli Manohar Joshi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kajol=Kajol
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joe_Menosky=Joe Menosky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Loyd_Sigmon=Loyd Sigmon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clare_W._Graves=Clare W. Graves
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pran_Nath_(musician)=Pran Nath (musician)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lewis_Howard_Latimer=Lewis Howard Latimer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_Shippey=Tom Shippey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Constantine_II,_King_of_Armenia=Constantine II, King of Armenia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Constantine_III,_King_of_Armenia=Constantine III, King of Armenia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Constantine_IV,_King_of_Armenia=Constantine IV, King of Armenia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ruth_Pitter=Ruth Pitter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chris_Benoit=Chris Benoit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joel_Minnick_Longenecker=Joel Minnick Longenecker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joscelin_II,_Count_of_Edessa=Joscelin II, Count of Edessa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Glas=John Glas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marie_of_Korikos=Marie of Korikos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oshin_of_Korikos=Oshin of Korikos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pana_Merchant=Pana Merchant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leo_IV,_King_of_Armenia=Leo IV, King of Armenia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marion_Zioncheck=Marion Zioncheck
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sibylla_of_Lusignan=Sibylla of Lusignan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gaston_B._Cashwell=Gaston B. Cashwell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jim_Hall_(programmer)=Jim Hall (programmer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joscelin_III,_Count_of_Edessa=Joscelin III, Count of Edessa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Himiltrude=Himiltrude
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fastrada=Fastrada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luitgard=Luitgard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hethum_I,_King_of_Armenia=Hethum I, King of Armenia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leo_II,_King_of_Armenia=Leo II, King of Armenia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Virginia_Postrel=Virginia Postrel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chucho_Avellanet=Chucho Avellanet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philip_Miller=Philip Miller
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Bradley_Varnum=Joseph Bradley Varnum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Danvers=John Danvers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philip_Pendleton_Barbour=Philip Pendleton Barbour
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carla_Harryman=Carla Harryman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oskar_Ursinus=Oskar Ursinus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harry_Gordon_Selfridge=Harry Gordon Selfridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sharad_Pawar=Sharad Pawar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diane_di_Prima=Diane di Prima
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Octave_Chanute=Octave Chanute
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ashraf_Ghani=Ashraf Ghani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tatsuya_Uemura=Tatsuya Uemura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Cook=Thomas Cook
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bruce_Andrews=Bruce Andrews
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_de_la_Boische,_Marquis_de_Beauharnois=Charles de la Boische, Marquis de Beauharnois
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vincent_C._Schoemehl=Vincent C. Schoemehl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johnny_Olson=Johnny Olson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hege_Riise=Hege Riise
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Berthold_Auerbach=Berthold Auerbach
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Caulfeild,_1st_Earl_of_Charlemont=James Caulfeild, 1st Earl of Charlemont
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Steevens=George Steevens
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Black_(novelist)=William Black (novelist)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dietrich_Eckart=Dietrich Eckart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_Brown_(satirist)=Tom Brown (satirist)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/R._J._Yeatman=R. J. Yeatman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Noah_in_Islam=Noah in Islam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/W._C._Sellar=W. C. Sellar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lot_in_Islam=Lot in Islam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francis_Alexander_Shields=Francis Alexander Shields
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Cromwell=James Cromwell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leo_III,_King_of_Armenia=Leo III, King of Armenia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thoros_III,_King_of_Armenia=Thoros III, King of Armenia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alan_Goodrick=Alan Goodrick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_I_of_Cyprus=Henry I of Cyprus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Ralston=James Ralston
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Craig_McCaw=Craig McCaw
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis_Cyr=Louis Cyr
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Pelham,_2nd_Earl_of_Chichester=Thomas Pelham, 2nd Earl of Chichester
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francysk_Skaryna=Francysk Skaryna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Ritson=Joseph Ritson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isaac_Reed=Isaac Reed
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Dowden=Edward Dowden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sergio_Coggiola=Sergio Coggiola
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wynkyn_de_Worde=Wynkyn de Worde
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Janine_Pommy_Vega=Janine Pommy Vega
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_McGoldrick=Michael McGoldrick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ed_Rush=Ed Rush
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DJ_Dara=DJ Dara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/J_Majik=J Majik
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chris_Martin=Chris Martin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Stanfield=Robert Stanfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alan_Holmes=Alan Holmes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Nelson_(insurrectionist)=Robert Nelson (insurrectionist)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raymond_A._Palmer=Raymond A. Palmer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/T._O'Conor_Sloane=T. O'Conor Sloane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ekrima_Sa'id_Sabri=Ekrima Sa'id Sabri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Franz_Berwald=Franz Berwald
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kyril_Bonfiglioli=Kyril Bonfiglioli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hugh_Cairns,_1st_Earl_Cairns=Hugh Cairns, 1st Earl Cairns
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Henry_Horne=Richard Henry Horne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Howitt=William Howitt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Thurlow,_1st_Baron_Thurlow=Edward Thurlow, 1st Baron Thurlow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henri_Cartier-Bresson=Henri Cartier-Bresson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Yorke=Charles Yorke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Philip_Yorke=Charles Philip Yorke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/T._Cullen_Davis=T. Cullen Davis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gustave_Whitehead=Gustave Whitehead
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Pratt,_1st_Earl_Camden=Charles Pratt, 1st Earl Camden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Bathurst,_2nd_Earl_Bathurst=Henry Bathurst, 2nd Earl Bathurst
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Bright_(physician)=Richard Bright (physician)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Pratt,_1st_Marquess_Camden=John Pratt, 1st Marquess Camden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Wood,_1st_Baron_Hatherley=William Wood, 1st Baron Hatherley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis_Lartet=Louis Lartet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_Richard_Jacobi=Carl Richard Jacobi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paschal_Beverly_Randolph=Paschal Beverly Randolph
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stephen_of_Armenia=Stephen of Armenia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oshin,_King_of_Armenia=Oshin, King of Armenia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sempad,_King_of_Armenia=Sempad, King of Armenia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Constantine_I,_King_of_Armenia=Constantine I, King of Armenia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eduard_Tubin=Eduard Tubin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rahim_Ademi=Rahim Ademi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eric_Allin_Cornell=Eric Allin Cornell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Zoellner=Robert Zoellner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moses_in_Islam=Moses in Islam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ed_Devereaux=Ed Devereaux
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gloria_Guinness=Gloria Guinness
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Habington=William Habington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Septimus_Roe=John Septimus Roe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Ludwig_Mejdell_Sylow=Peter Ludwig Mejdell Sylow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Winkler=Henry Winkler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yagan=Yagan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Smith-Stanley,_13th_Earl_of_Derby=Edward Smith-Stanley, 13th Earl of Derby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Meriwether=John Meriwether
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elisha_Collier=Elisha Collier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mahmoud_Tawalbe=Mahmoud Tawalbe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Thomas_(harpist)=John Thomas (harpist)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gene_Kranz=Gene Kranz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Thomas_(general)=John Thomas (general)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mark_Shainblum=Mark Shainblum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karl_Kraus_(writer)=Karl Kraus (writer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boris_Derjaguin=Boris Derjaguin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carlos_Sainz=Carlos Sainz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rachel_Miner=Rachel Miner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nemours_Jean-Baptiste=Nemours Jean-Baptiste
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zhang_Qian=Zhang Qian
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alan_Coren=Alan Coren
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francis_Wheen=Francis Wheen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frank_Muir=Frank Muir
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Linda_Smith_(comedian)=Linda Smith (comedian)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ronnie_Corbett=Ronnie Corbett
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Simon_Hoggart=Simon Hoggart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rebecca_Front=Rebecca Front
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moira_Stuart=Moira Stuart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Campbell,_2nd_Duke_of_Argyll=John Campbell, 2nd Duke of Argyll
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stewart_Culin=Stewart Culin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elias_Ashmole=Elias Ashmole
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Olympe_de_Gouges=Olympe de Gouges
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Sopwith=Thomas Sopwith
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack_Cohen_(scientist)=Jack Cohen (scientist)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kath_Soucie=Kath Soucie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/P._J._Hogan=P. J. Hogan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karl_Urban=Karl Urban
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eliza_R._Snow=Eliza R. Snow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andres_Serrano=Andres Serrano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vanessa-Mae=Vanessa-Mae
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toyotomi_Hideyori=Toyotomi Hideyori
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charlie_Case=Charlie Case
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Artur_Davis=Artur Davis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mike_Rogers_(Alabama_politician)=Mike Rogers (Alabama politician)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Aderholt=Robert Aderholt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spencer_Bachus=Spencer Bachus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sir_Godfrey_Copley,_2nd_Baronet=Sir Godfrey Copley, 2nd Baronet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don_Young=Don Young
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rick_Renzi=Rick Renzi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/J._D._Hayworth=J. D. Hayworth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jim_Kolbe=Jim Kolbe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ed_Pastor=Ed Pastor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shelley_Moore_Capito=Shelley Moore Capito
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Castle=Michael Castle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tony_Martin_(farmer)=Tony Martin (farmer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cambyses_I=Cambyses I
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pete_Duel=Pete Duel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A._Charles_Muller=A. Charles Muller
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roger_Davis_(television_actor)=Roger Davis (television actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roger_Davis_(film_actor)=Roger Davis (film actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean-Pierre_Aumont=Jean-Pierre Aumont
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nick_Bostrom=Nick Bostrom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yukteswar_Giri=Yukteswar Giri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ikue_Mori=Ikue Mori
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lahiri_Mahasaya=Lahiri Mahasaya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daniel_Greysolon,_Sieur_du_Lhut=Daniel Greysolon, Sieur du Lhut
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rick_Pitino=Rick Pitino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_Stapleton=Jean Stapleton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amy_Sedaris=Amy Sedaris
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Viktor_Shklovsky=Viktor Shklovsky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sally_Struthers=Sally Struthers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barbara_Strozzi=Barbara Strozzi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antoine_Brumel=Antoine Brumel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Todd_Tiahrt=Todd Tiahrt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wally_Herger=Wally Herger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Doolittle=John Doolittle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stephanie_de_Sykes=Stephanie de Sykes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Miller_(California_politician)=George Miller (California politician)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Muhai_Tang=Muhai Tang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jim_Carroll=Jim Carroll
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ludwika_Paleta=Ludwika Paleta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mark_Goodson=Mark Goodson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bill_Todman=Bill Todman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luisa_Tetrazzini=Luisa Tetrazzini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abdel_Aziz_al-Rantisi=Abdel Aziz al-Rantisi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mark_Cuban=Mark Cuban
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_de_Lancie=John de Lancie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Chippendale,_the_younger=Thomas Chippendale, the younger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pete_Stark=Pete Stark
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zoe_Lofgren=Zoe Lofgren
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Radanovich=George Radanovich
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buck_McKeon=Buck McKeon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Henry_Faulk=John Henry Faulk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeremy_Collier=Jeremy Collier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dave_Obey=Dave Obey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_Petri=Tom Petri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeffrey_Hunter=Jeffrey Hunter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Crawford_Sherrod=William Crawford Sherrod
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Waxman=Henry Waxman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maxine_Waters=Maxine Waters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_Hall=Tom Hall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grace_Napolitano=Grace Napolitano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paddy_Hannan=Paddy Hannan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Herb_Elliott=Herb Elliott
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shirley_Strickland=Shirley Strickland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chuck_Knipp=Chuck Knipp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_Forrest=Alexander Forrest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rachel_Kempson=Rachel Kempson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brian_James_(guitarist)=Brian James (guitarist)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matthew_Stewart_(mathematician)=Matthew Stewart (mathematician)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boaz_Yakin=Boaz Yakin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arthur_Wellesley,_2nd_Duke_of_Wellington=Arthur Wellesley, 2nd Duke of Wellington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Wellesley,_3rd_Duke_of_Wellington=Henry Wellesley, 3rd Duke of Wellington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barbara_Taylor_Bradford=Barbara Taylor Bradford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ignacio_de_la_Llave=Ignacio de la Llave
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sergei_Dovlatov=Sergei Dovlatov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dorothy_Wordsworth=Dorothy Wordsworth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexandra_Marinina=Alexandra Marinina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kenneth_Gaburo=Kenneth Gaburo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/C._P._Scott=C. P. Scott
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bill_Cullen=Bill Cullen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mikel_Rouse=Mikel Rouse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ben_Neill=Ben Neill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daniel_Lewin=Daniel Lewin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mike_Michaud=Mike Michaud
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Susan_Davis_(politician)=Susan Davis (politician)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Downey_(Internet_performance_artist)=James Downey (Internet performance artist)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeremy_Sumpter=Jeremy Sumpter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bruno_of_Augsburg=Bruno of Augsburg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francesco_Tamagno=Francesco Tamagno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lorenzo_Salvi=Lorenzo Salvi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francisco_Gabilondo_Soler=Francisco Gabilondo Soler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jayne_Mansfield=Jayne Mansfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gisela_Richter=Gisela Richter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hal_David=Hal David
http://dbpedia.org/resource/HaGashash_HaHiver=HaGashash HaHiver
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matei_Basarab=Matei Basarab
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vasile_Lupu=Vasile Lupu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manuel_Esquivel=Manuel Esquivel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/List_of_awards_and_honours_bestowed_upon_Nelson_Mandela=List of awards and honours bestowed upon Nelson Mandela
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tim_O'Reilly=Tim O'Reilly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mark_Udall=Mark Udall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nick_Rahall=Nick Rahall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arthur_Hertzberg=Arthur Hertzberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Gordon-Lennox,_6th_Duke_of_Richmond=Charles Gordon-Lennox, 6th Duke of Richmond
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_Tancredo=Tom Tancredo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ian_McCartney=Ian McCartney
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrew_Smith_(politician)=Andrew Smith (politician)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patrick_Mayhew,_Baron_Mayhew_of_Twysden=Patrick Mayhew, Baron Mayhew of Twysden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chris_Shays=Chris Shays
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amy_Beach=Amy Beach
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deborah_Lipstadt=Deborah Lipstadt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sam_Rayburn=Sam Rayburn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chris_Bonington=Chris Bonington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/G._David_Schine=G. David Schine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bogdan_Petriceicu_Hasdeu=Bogdan Petriceicu Hasdeu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chris_Jones_(game_developer)=Chris Jones (game developer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carolyn_McCarthy=Carolyn McCarthy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leontyne_Price=Leontyne Price
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Hammond=Richard Hammond
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_Mishnaevski=Alexander Mishnaevski
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maulana_Karenga=Maulana Karenga
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Gwiazda=Henry Gwiazda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kiyohiko_Azuma=Kiyohiko Azuma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mariano_Guadalupe_Vallejo=Mariano Guadalupe Vallejo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maurice_Noble=Maurice Noble
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kathy_Boudin=Kathy Boudin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jim_McGreevey=Jim McGreevey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luigi_Denza=Luigi Denza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Colson=Charles Colson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeff_Miller_(Florida_politician)=Jeff Miller (Florida politician)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Corrine_Brown=Corrine Brown
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Fisher_(cartoonist)=George Fisher (cartoonist)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bill_Young=Bill Young
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harold_von_Braunhut=Harold von Braunhut
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Caan=James Caan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eric_Maschwitz=Eric Maschwitz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sidney_Sonnino=Sidney Sonnino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michelle_Thomas=Michelle Thomas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Herbert_Brownell,_Jr.=Herbert Brownell, Jr.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walter_Travers=Walter Travers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicole_de_Boer=Nicole de Boer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Phillips_(geologist)=William Phillips (geologist)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kendrick_Meek=Kendrick Meek
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Ancher=Michael Ancher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Wexler=Robert Wexler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ileana_Ros-Lehtinen=Ileana Ros-Lehtinen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Evan_Ziporyn=Evan Ziporyn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clay_Shaw=Clay Shaw
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alcee_Hastings=Alcee Hastings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tia_Carrere=Tia Carrere
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daniel_Gluckstein=Daniel Gluckstein
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Piper_(theologian)=John Piper (theologian)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bernie_Ecclestone=Bernie Ecclestone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taejo_of_Joseon=Taejo of Joseon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Claire_Tomalin=Claire Tomalin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Cole_(journalist)=John Cole (journalist)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ruth_Plumly_Thompson=Ruth Plumly Thompson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raymond_Orteig=Raymond Orteig
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martin_Harris_(Latter_Day_Saints)=Martin Harris (Latter Day Saints)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Cargo=David Cargo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emperor_Huai_of_Jin=Emperor Huai of Jin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reuben_Swinburne_Clymer=Reuben Swinburne Clymer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Balbina_Steffenone=Balbina Steffenone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Helen_O'Connell=Helen O'Connell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_Roda_Roda=Alexander Roda Roda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edmund_Ho=Edmund Ho
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ban_Gu=Ban Gu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kathryn_M._Drennan=Kathryn M. Drennan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack_Kingston=Jack Kingston
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sanford_Bishop=Sanford Bishop
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Linder=John Linder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fred_Ott=Fred Ott
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emperor_Min_of_Jin=Emperor Min of Jin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phil_Gingrey=Phil Gingrey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Konrad_Kujau=Konrad Kujau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rahm_Emanuel=Rahm Emanuel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steve_Cram=Steve Cram
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steve_Ovett=Steve Ovett
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Alleyn=Edward Alleyn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philip_the_Evangelist=Philip the Evangelist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jerry_Weller=Jerry Weller
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Judy_Biggert=Judy Biggert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frederick_de_Houtman=Frederick de Houtman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tracy_Scoggins=Tracy Scoggins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tony_Zale=Tony Zale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Willie_Hamilton=Willie Hamilton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Garth_Boomer=Garth Boomer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chris_Chocola=Chris Chocola
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bert_Lahr=Bert Lahr
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madeline_Gleason=Madeline Gleason
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilhelm_Hieronymus_Pachelbel=Wilhelm Hieronymus Pachelbel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Captain_John_Underhill=Captain John Underhill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adolph_Coors_III=Adolph Coors III
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Domhnall_II,_Earl_of_Mar=Domhnall II, Earl of Mar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sidney_M._Cohen=Sidney M. Cohen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robbie_Lyons=Robbie Lyons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Hartman=Edward Hartman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bonaventura_Cavalieri=Bonaventura Cavalieri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yu_Di=Yu Di
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Willem_Schouten=Willem Schouten
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samuel_L._Lewis=Samuel L. Lewis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doc_Hastings=Doc Hastings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nellie_McClung=Nellie McClung
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Juha_Kankkunen=Juha Kankkunen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack_LaLanne=Jack LaLanne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jennifer_Granholm=Jennifer Granholm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tai_Chi-tao=Tai Chi-tao
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oliver_Cowdery=Oliver Cowdery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rita_Moreno=Rita Moreno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_Latham=Tom Latham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jim_Nussle=Jim Nussle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steve_King=Steve King
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arthur_Kantrowitz=Arthur Kantrowitz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marla_Sokoloff=Marla Sokoloff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jim_Moran=Jim Moran
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Desmond_Keith_Carter=Desmond Keith Carter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nina_de_Vries=Nina de Vries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miles_Franklin=Miles Franklin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walter_Reed=Walter Reed
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Faith_Ford=Faith Ford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Brooke,_Baron_Brooke_of_Sutton_Mandeville=Peter Brooke, Baron Brooke of Sutton Mandeville
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yona_Yahav=Yona Yahav
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brian_Mawhinney,_Baron_Mawhinney=Brian Mawhinney, Baron Mawhinney
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sir_John_Benn,_1st_Baronet=Sir John Benn, 1st Baronet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Schippers=Thomas Schippers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gilbert_Elliot-Murray-Kynynmound,_2nd_Earl_of_Minto=Gilbert Elliot-Murray-Kynynmound, 2nd Earl of Minto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lorenzo_Dow=Lorenzo Dow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vilna_Gaon=Vilna Gaon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carsten_Hauch=Carsten Hauch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elaine_Paige=Elaine Paige
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dalton_Camp=Dalton Camp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zacharias_Werner=Zacharias Werner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friedrich_Werner=Friedrich Werner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ivan_Fyodorov_(navigator)=Ivan Fyodorov (navigator)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gabriela_Silang=Gabriela Silang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amar_Bose=Amar Bose
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Starbuck=George Starbuck
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robin_Beanland=Robin Beanland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Powell_(lobbyist)=Michael Powell (lobbyist)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chiang_Fang-liang=Chiang Fang-liang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Wain=John Wain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Terry_Davis_(politician)=Terry Davis (politician)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bob_Ainsworth=Bob Ainsworth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Douglas_Alexander=Douglas Alexander
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Semyon_Dezhnev=Semyon Dezhnev
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Max_Rudolf_(conductor)=Max Rudolf (conductor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Denham_(politician)=John Denham (politician)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jess_Oppenheimer=Jess Oppenheimer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Douglas_Hogg=Douglas Hogg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alan_Howarth,_Baron_Howarth_of_Newport=Alan Howarth, Baron Howarth of Newport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ross_Cuthbert=Ross Cuthbert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierre_du_Calvet=Pierre du Calvet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gunter_d'Alquen=Gunter d'Alquen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Max_Amann=Max Amann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ludolf_von_Alvensleben=Ludolf von Alvensleben
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heinz_Auerswald=Heinz Auerswald
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benno_von_Arent=Benno von Arent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hans_Aumeier=Hans Aumeier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Artur_Axmann=Artur Axmann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Judd_Hirsch=Judd Hirsch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alojz_Rigele=Alojz Rigele
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ernest_Bornemann=Ernest Bornemann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oswalt_Kolle=Oswalt Kolle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gedde_Watanabe=Gedde Watanabe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Tillich=Paul Tillich
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Douglas_Gresham=Douglas Gresham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joy_Davidman=Joy Davidman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joe_Roth=Joe Roth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_Sizemore=Tom Sizemore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vincente_Minnelli=Vincente Minnelli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adrian_Bailey=Adrian Bailey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Vitter=David Vitter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oona_King,_Baroness_King_of_Bow=Oona King, Baroness King of Bow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alun_Michael=Alun Michael
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Helen_Liddell,_Baroness_Liddell_of_Coatdyke=Helen Liddell, Baroness Liddell of Coatdyke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Billy_Tauzin=Billy Tauzin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_J._Jefferson=William J. Jefferson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jim_McCrery=Jim McCrery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gavin_Strang=Gavin Strang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adam_Ingram_(Labour_politician)=Adam Ingram (Labour politician)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dutch_Ruppersberger=Dutch Ruppersberger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Molyneaux,_Baron_Molyneaux_of_Killead=James Molyneaux, Baron Molyneaux of Killead
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rob_Waddell=Rob Waddell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ben_Alexander_(actor)=Ben Alexander (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steny_Hoyer=Steny Hoyer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Haroun_Tazieff=Haroun Tazieff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elijah_Cummings=Elijah Cummings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nick_Adams_(actor)=Nick Adams (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mary_Catherine_Bateson=Mary Catherine Bateson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jon_Porter=Jon Porter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chris_Van_Hollen=Chris Van Hollen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mel_Watt=Mel Watt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Bercow=John Bercow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_T._Daniels=Peter T. Daniels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kevin_Brennan_(comedian)=Kevin Brennan (comedian)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meyer_Schapiro=Meyer Schapiro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Des_Browne=Des Browne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Palliser=John Palliser
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andy_Burnham=Andy Burnham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tung-Yen_Lin=Tung-Yen Lin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Treat=Robert Treat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joachim_Fest=Joachim Fest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Betty_White=Betty White
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Held,_Jr.=John Held, Jr.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Billie_Piper=Billie Piper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elliott_Abrams=Elliott Abrams
http://dbpedia.org/resource/June_Tripp=June Tripp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vin_Diesel=Vin Diesel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ian_Lang,_Baron_Lang_of_Monkton=Ian Lang, Baron Lang of Monkton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sonny_Chiba=Sonny Chiba
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hans_Christian_Lumbye=Hans Christian Lumbye
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Menestheus=Menestheus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Jay_Mathews=Robert Jay Mathews
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Wynn_Westcott=William Wynn Westcott
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fred_Grandy=Fred Grandy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ami_Yoshida=Ami Yoshida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lexa_Doig=Lexa Doig
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Preity_Zinta=Preity Zinta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Carington,_6th_Baron_Carrington=Peter Carington, 6th Baron Carrington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clarence_Zener=Clarence Zener
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maximilian_I,_Elector_of_Bavaria=Maximilian I, Elector of Bavaria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_Erdman,_Baron_Dieskau=Jean Erdman, Baron Dieskau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mamie_Eisenhower=Mamie Eisenhower
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bess_Truman=Bess Truman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jim_Lehrer=Jim Lehrer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grace_Coolidge=Grace Coolidge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edith_Wilson=Edith Wilson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Florence_Harding=Florence Harding
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ellen_Axson_Wilson=Ellen Axson Wilson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Helen_Herron_Taft=Helen Herron Taft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edith_Roosevelt=Edith Roosevelt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ida_Saxton_McKinley=Ida Saxton McKinley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bob_Cryer=Bob Cryer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jill_Evans=Jill Evans
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Pottinger=Henry Pottinger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Robinson_(politician)=Peter Robinson (politician)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eurig_Wyn=Eurig Wyn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Geoff_Collyer=Geoff Collyer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Fletcher-Vane,_2nd_Baron_Inglewood=Richard Fletcher-Vane, 2nd Baron Inglewood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ian_Hudghton=Ian Hudghton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caroline_Lucas=Caroline Lucas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hosokawa_Katsumoto=Hosokawa Katsumoto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Waldegrave,_Baron_Waldegrave_of_North_Hill=William Waldegrave, Baron Waldegrave of North Hill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louisa_Adams=Louisa Adams
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tony_Newton,_Baron_Newton_of_Braintree=Tony Newton, Baron Newton of Braintree
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Ainsworth_(lexicographer)=Robert Ainsworth (lexicographer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Itsuo_Tsuda=Itsuo Tsuda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kevin_Ashman=Kevin Ashman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ken_Silverman=Ken Silverman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nyree_Dawn_Porter=Nyree Dawn Porter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frank_J._Tipler=Frank J. Tipler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Caruso=David Caruso
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hirokazu_Koreeda=Hirokazu Koreeda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Herrick_(novelist)=Robert Herrick (novelist)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hippocleides=Hippocleides
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wang_Yucheng=Wang Yucheng
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rhianus=Rhianus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pausanias_of_Sparta=Pausanias of Sparta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pausanias_(general)=Pausanias (general)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pausanias_(geographer)=Pausanias (geographer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caroline_Harrison=Caroline Harrison
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lucretia_Garfield=Lucretia Garfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anna_Harrison=Anna Harrison
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carla_Estrada=Carla Estrada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Sharpe_Shaver=Richard Sharpe Shaver
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Letitia_Christian_Tyler=Letitia Christian Tyler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Julia_Gardiner_Tyler=Julia Gardiner Tyler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sarah_Childress_Polk=Sarah Childress Polk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phil_Hendrie=Phil Hendrie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jane_Pierce=Jane Pierce
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harriet_Lane=Harriet Lane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abigail_Fillmore=Abigail Fillmore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Margaret_Taylor=Margaret Taylor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/G._W._Pabst=G. W. Pabst
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fritz_von_Opel=Fritz von Opel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hal_Ashby=Hal Ashby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Armstrong_(conductor)=Richard Armstrong (conductor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shashi_Warrier=Shashi Warrier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_Macmillan,_2nd_Earl_of_Stockton=Alexander Macmillan, 2nd Earl of Stockton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jason_Isaacs=Jason Isaacs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Hunt,_Baron_Hunt_of_Wirral=David Hunt, Baron Hunt of Wirral
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kenneth_Baker,_Baron_Baker_of_Dorking=Kenneth Baker, Baron Baker of Dorking
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aweida=Aweida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leopold_Nowak=Leopold Nowak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christian_Jacq=Christian Jacq
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Patten,_Baron_Patten=John Patten, Baron Patten
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Forsyth,_Baron_Forsyth_of_Drumlean=Michael Forsyth, Baron Forsyth of Drumlean
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shaun_Woodward=Shaun Woodward
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Danny_Rolling=Danny Rolling
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bobby_R._Acord=Bobby R. Acord
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Oldham_(colonist)=John Oldham (colonist)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Erich_Wolfgang_Korngold=Erich Wolfgang Korngold
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samira_Makhmalbaf=Samira Makhmalbaf
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mohsen_Makhmalbaf=Mohsen Makhmalbaf
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Erich_Warsitz=Erich Warsitz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caguax=Caguax
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andy_Engman=Andy Engman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Agnes_Baden-Powell=Agnes Baden-Powell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Pakington,_1st_Baron_Hampton=John Pakington, 1st Baron Hampton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francis_Egerton,_8th_Earl_of_Bridgewater=Francis Egerton, 8th Earl of Bridgewater
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Cyril_Smith=John Cyril Smith
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Melvin_B._Tolson=Melvin B. Tolson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Carter-Ruck=Peter Carter-Ruck
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Jagger=Joseph Jagger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pamela_Harriman=Pamela Harriman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jaan_Ehlvest=Jaan Ehlvest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frank_LoBiondo=Frank LoBiondo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elizabeth_Symons,_Baroness_Symons_of_Vernham_Dean=Elizabeth Symons, Baroness Symons of Vernham Dean
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Puttnam=David Puttnam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Sainsbury,_Baron_Sainsbury_of_Turville=David Sainsbury, Baron Sainsbury of Turville
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mike_Resnick=Mike Resnick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Sainsbury,_Baron_Sainsbury_of_Preston_Candover=John Sainsbury, Baron Sainsbury of Preston Candover
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karl_Ludwig_Nitzsch=Karl Ludwig Nitzsch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leo_Michelson=Leo Michelson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friedrich_August_Berthold_Nitzsch=Friedrich August Berthold Nitzsch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bernard_Braine=Bernard Braine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Wilkes=Charles Wilkes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/August_Dorner=August Dorner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mark_Hopkins,_Jr.=Mark Hopkins, Jr.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philip_Eaton=Philip Eaton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bruce_Boxleitner=Bruce Boxleitner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caroline_Jackson=Caroline Jackson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frank_Secich=Frank Secich
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Knowlton_Nash=Knowlton Nash
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicholas_Lyell,_Baron_Lyell_of_Markyate=Nicholas Lyell, Baron Lyell of Markyate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack_McVea=Jack McVea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gathorne_Gathorne-Hardy,_1st_Earl_of_Cranbrook=Gathorne Gathorne-Hardy, 1st Earl of Cranbrook
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfred_P._Murrah=Alfred P. Murrah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Paterson_(banker)=William Paterson (banker)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elisha_Gray=Elisha Gray
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Sugden,_1st_Baron_St_Leonards=Edward Sugden, 1st Baron St Leonards
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Lowther,_2nd_Earl_of_Lonsdale=William Lowther, 2nd Earl of Lonsdale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Herbert,_4th_Earl_of_Carnarvon=Henry Herbert, 4th Earl of Carnarvon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frederic_Thesiger,_1st_Baron_Chelmsford=Frederic Thesiger, 1st Baron Chelmsford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emperor_Ming_of_Jin=Emperor Ming of Jin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Bourke,_6th_Earl_of_Mayo=Richard Bourke, 6th Earl of Mayo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scott_Young_(writer)=Scott Young (writer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Julius_Hatry=Julius Hatry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samuel_Robinson_(industrialist)=Samuel Robinson (industrialist)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friedrich_Wilhelm_Sander=Friedrich Wilhelm Sander
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mary_Toft=Mary Toft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tim_Holden=Tim Holden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kris_Marshall=Kris Marshall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Max_Valier=Max Valier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chuck_Woolery=Chuck Woolery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Calico_Jack=Calico Jack
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emperor_Cheng_of_Jin=Emperor Cheng of Jin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dirk_Kempthorne=Dirk Kempthorne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phil_Batt=Phil Batt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Larry_Echo_Hawk=Larry Echo Hawk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Justin_Kirk=Justin Kirk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norman_Morrison=Norman Morrison
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Santo_Trafficante,_Jr.=Santo Trafficante, Jr.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roger_Allen_LaPorte=Roger Allen LaPorte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charley_Steiner=Charley Steiner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elhanan_Tannenbaum=Elhanan Tannenbaum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Duncan_(actor)=Peter Duncan (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Verne_Troyer=Verne Troyer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Dinklage=Peter Dinklage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leopold_Godowsky=Leopold Godowsky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/August_Heinrich_Hoffmann_von_Fallersleben=August Heinrich Hoffmann von Fallersleben
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_Henri_Riesener=Jean Henri Riesener
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arthur_Godfrey=Arthur Godfrey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Howard_Coble=Howard Coble
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robin_Hayes=Robin Hayes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Powys,_4th_Baron_Lilford=Thomas Powys, 4th Baron Lilford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Hawkwood=John Hawkwood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ernesto_Pastor=Ernesto Pastor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Vinroot=Richard Vinroot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stanley_Rogers=Stanley Rogers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_W._Matthews=Joseph W. Matthews
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mike_Easley=Mike Easley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joshua_Logan=Joshua Logan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kang_Kek_Iew=Kang Kek Iew
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Peter_Altgeld=John Peter Altgeld
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Duffie=Paul Duffie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adam_Petty=Adam Petty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mary_Read=Mary Read
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dinocrates=Dinocrates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glenn_Beck=Glenn Beck
http://dbpedia.org/resource/K._Pattabhi_Jois=K. Pattabhi Jois
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilford_Woodruff=Wilford Woodruff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Judith_Light=Judith Light
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phil_Bredesen=Phil Bredesen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ahmad_ibn_Hanbal=Ahmad ibn Hanbal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dwight_Watson_(farmer)=Dwight Watson (farmer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michel_de_Ghelderode=Michel de Ghelderode
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rosie_Winterton=Rosie Winterton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Otto_Hermann_Kahn=Otto Hermann Kahn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norman_Mayer=Norman Mayer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Noory=George Noory
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Holger_Meins=Holger Meins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philip_Jeremiah_Schuyler=Philip Jeremiah Schuyler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_FitzRoy,_1st_Duke_of_Grafton=Henry FitzRoy, 1st Duke of Grafton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Algernon_Percy,_10th_Earl_of_Northumberland=Algernon Percy, 10th Earl of Northumberland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_E._Park=Robert E. Park
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Stuart-Wortley,_1st_Baron_Wharncliffe=James Stuart-Wortley, 1st Baron Wharncliffe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_Johnston_(Scottish_politician)=Tom Johnston (Scottish politician)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_William_Hill=George William Hill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Trudell=John Trudell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tony_Shalhoub=Tony Shalhoub
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Bell_(bishop)=John Bell (bishop)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Howard_W._Hunter=Howard W. Hunter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tessa_Blackstone,_Baroness_Blackstone=Tessa Blackstone, Baroness Blackstone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Thomas_Anderson=Paul Thomas Anderson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeremy_Hanley=Jeremy Hanley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rhodes_Boyson=Rhodes Boyson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patricia_Scotland,_Baroness_Scotland_of_Asthal=Patricia Scotland, Baroness Scotland of Asthal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ozzie_Nelson=Ozzie Nelson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Chaytor=David Chaytor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Claude_Monteux=Claude Monteux
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brian_Cotter,_Baron_Cotter=Brian Cotter, Baron Cotter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seydou_Diarra=Seydou Diarra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sylvia_Browne=Sylvia Browne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barbara_Abney-Hastings,_13th_Countess_of_Loudoun=Barbara Abney-Hastings, 13th Countess of Loudoun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Harrison_(engineer)=James Harrison (engineer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hasan_ibn_Ali=Hasan ibn Ali
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Korbinian_Brodmann=Korbinian Brodmann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dawn_Primarolo=Dawn Primarolo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Denys_Hay=Denys Hay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roger_Wolfe_Kahn=Roger Wolfe Kahn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glenn_Wichman=Glenn Wichman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lynda_Bellingham=Lynda Bellingham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jaba_Ioseliani=Jaba Ioseliani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lewis_Vernon_Harcourt,_1st_Viscount_Harcourt=Lewis Vernon Harcourt, 1st Viscount Harcourt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abigail_Scott_Duniway=Abigail Scott Duniway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bob_Wise=Bob Wise
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_D._Rockefeller_III=John D. Rockefeller III
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quentin_Davies,_Baron_Davies_of_Stamford=Quentin Davies, Baron Davies of Stamford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Claude_Favre_de_Vaugelas=Claude Favre de Vaugelas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caroline_Flint=Caroline Flint
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Paterson_(New_York_politician)=John Paterson (New York politician)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roy_Kinnear=Roy Kinnear
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Russell_Grant=Russell Grant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daniel_Lambert=Daniel Lambert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maeve_Hillery=Maeve Hillery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_Berkman=Alexander Berkman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guy_Hever=Guy Hever
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Grenville=Thomas Grenville
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aroup_Chatterjee=Aroup Chatterjee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steven_Tyler=Steven Tyler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liu_Zongyuan=Liu Zongyuan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meng_Haoran=Meng Haoran
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harlow_Curtice=Harlow Curtice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Goldsmith=James Goldsmith
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stewart_Granger=Stewart Granger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beverley_Hughes=Beverley Hughes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edd_Roush=Edd Roush
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Graham_Young=Graham Young
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roman_Czerniawski=Roman Czerniawski
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alan_Johnson=Alan Johnson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Karn=Richard Karn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_MacDonald_Fraser=George MacDonald Fraser
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jan_Frederik_Gronovius=Jan Frederik Gronovius
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Judith_Steinberg_Dean=Judith Steinberg Dean
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alice_Thomas_Ellis=Alice Thomas Ellis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bob_Simmons_(surfer)=Bob Simmons (surfer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keri_Russell=Keri Russell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Petar_Stoyanov=Petar Stoyanov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marc_Racicot=Marc Racicot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jimmie_Davis=Jimmie Davis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edmund_FitzAlan,_9th_Earl_of_Arundel=Edmund FitzAlan, 9th Earl of Arundel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Kony=Joseph Kony
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gholamhossein_Mosaheb=Gholamhossein Mosaheb
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Haing_S._Ngor=Haing S. Ngor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_FitzAlan,_19th_Earl_of_Arundel=Henry FitzAlan, 19th Earl of Arundel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nadim_Sawalha=Nadim Sawalha
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nadia_Sawalha=Nadia Sawalha
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_FitzAlan,_8th_Earl_of_Arundel=Richard FitzAlan, 8th Earl of Arundel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cliff_Johnson_(game_designer)=Cliff Johnson (game designer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Willy_Ley=Willy Ley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Fitzgerald=Robert Fitzgerald
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Archibald_Sinclair,_1st_Viscount_Thurso=Archibald Sinclair, 1st Viscount Thurso
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lee_Byung-chul=Lee Byung-chul
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kim_Yong-san=Kim Yong-san
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maximus_of_Tyre=Maximus of Tyre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jerome_Rothenberg=Jerome Rothenberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Evelyn_Keyes=Evelyn Keyes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Ian_Cox=Richard Ian Cox
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_de_Charpentier=Jean de Charpentier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grace_Jones=Grace Jones
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Korner=David Korner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alan_Thornett=Alan Thornett
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Verrall=Richard Verrall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Strickland=David Strickland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Billy_Vaughn=Billy Vaughn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Hicks_Beach,_1st_Earl_St_Aldwyn=Michael Hicks Beach, 1st Earl St Aldwyn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Denys_Lasdun=Denys Lasdun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grace_McCarthy=Grace McCarthy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Fallon=Michael Fallon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joel_Roberts_Poinsett=Joel Roberts Poinsett
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_John_Foster=Michael John Foster
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Jabez_Foster=Michael Jabez Foster
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Foulkes,_Baron_Foulkes_of_Cumnock=George Foulkes, Baron Foulkes of Cumnock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anna_Roosevelt_Halsted=Anna Roosevelt Halsted
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jane_McCrea=Jane McCrea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/D._B._Sweeney=D. B. Sweeney
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Toland_(author)=John Toland (author)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jim_Murphy=Jim Murphy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hastings_Ismay,_1st_Baron_Ismay=Hastings Ismay, 1st Baron Ismay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guillermo_Lora=Guillermo Lora
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Torke=Michael Torke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Simon_de_Montfort,_5th_Earl_of_Leicester=Simon de Montfort, 5th Earl of Leicester
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lejaren_Hiller=Lejaren Hiller
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Humphrey_Stafford,_Earl_of_Stafford=Humphrey Stafford, Earl of Stafford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Etheldred_Benett=Etheldred Benett
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sir_John_St_Aubyn,_5th_Baronet=Sir John St Aubyn, 5th Baronet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Cary=John Cary
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antonio_Lotti=Antonio Lotti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Klaus_Riedel=Klaus Riedel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sidney_Herbert,_1st_Baron_Herbert_of_Lea=Sidney Herbert, 1st Baron Herbert of Lea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lev_Sedov=Lev Sedov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sara_Gilbert=Sara Gilbert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Ball_(diplomat)=George Ball (diplomat)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emperor_Mu_of_Jin=Emperor Mu of Jin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rudolf_Nebel=Rudolf Nebel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joe_Mantegna=Joe Mantegna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stephen_Peace=Stephen Peace
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daniel_Clowes=Daniel Clowes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lew_Jenkins=Lew Jenkins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emperor_Ai_of_Jin=Emperor Ai of Jin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yoshiki_Tanaka=Yoshiki Tanaka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oliver_Baldwin,_2nd_Earl_Baldwin_of_Bewdley=Oliver Baldwin, 2nd Earl Baldwin of Bewdley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ramakrishna=Ramakrishna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cid_Corman=Cid Corman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Lurie=John Lurie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack_Black_(rat_catcher)=Jack Black (rat catcher)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Foot=Paul Foot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Claudia_Christian=Claudia Christian
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeff_Conaway=Jeff Conaway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Jurasik=Peter Jurasik
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andreas_Katsulas=Andreas Katsulas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stephen_Furst=Stephen Furst
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coenred_of_Mercia=Coenred of Mercia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Gallagher=David Gallagher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Barcia=Robert Barcia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Henry_Stanley=Charles Henry Stanley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philip_Hoby=Philip Hoby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Toney=James Toney
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_O'Brien=William O'Brien
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Burt_Rutan=Burt Rutan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Spindler=Michael Spindler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/J._Posadas=J. Posadas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dora_Russell=Dora Russell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sajeev_John=Sajeev John
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frederick_Spencer,_4th_Earl_Spencer=Frederick Spencer, 4th Earl Spencer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shunji_Iwai=Shunji Iwai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harry_Reems=Harry Reems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nana_Visitor=Nana Visitor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peleg=Peleg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gerry_Gable=Gerry Gable
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Etta_Moten_Barnett=Etta Moten Barnett
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Subramania_Bharati=Subramania Bharati
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Kelly_(poet)=Robert Kelly (poet)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Carradine=Robert Carradine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yeung_Sum=Yeung Sum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Riichi_Yokomitsu=Riichi Yokomitsu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matt_Dillon=Matt Dillon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jerry_Abershawe=Jerry Abershawe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Nevison=John Nevison
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeff_Nuttall=Jeff Nuttall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georg_Muffat=Georg Muffat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Birch_(missionary)=John Birch (missionary)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Duncan_(poet)=Robert Duncan (poet)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Victor_Li_Tzar-kuoi=Victor Li Tzar-kuoi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Watchman_Nee=Watchman Nee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Essie_Mae_Washington-Williams=Essie Mae Washington-Williams
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eudokia_Makrembolitissa=Eudokia Makrembolitissa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Azim_Premji=Azim Premji
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Osborne_Riviere=Osborne Riviere
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Denise_Crosby=Denise Crosby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chris_Demetral=Chris Demetral
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ray_Ozzie=Ray Ozzie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Little_Sonny_Warner=Little Sonny Warner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alain_Krivine=Alain Krivine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Earl_Hindman=Earl Hindman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Justin_Wintle=Justin Wintle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Merab_Kostava=Merab Kostava
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_M._Dowd=John M. Dowd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sylvester_Weaver_(executive)=Sylvester Weaver (executive)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Brisben_Walker=John Brisben Walker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Sloane_Coffin=William Sloane Coffin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack_Cade=Jack Cade
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack_Spicer=Jack Spicer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martin_Ebbertz=Martin Ebbertz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Huttleston_Rogers=Henry Huttleston Rogers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Brinkley_(astronomer)=John Brinkley (astronomer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deioces=Deioces
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Johnson_(Kansas_politician)=Thomas Johnson (Kansas politician)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lloyd_C._Douglas=Lloyd C. Douglas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Johnson_(designer)=Thomas Johnson (designer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joe_Hoeffel=Joe Hoeffel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ethelbert_Nevin=Ethelbert Nevin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clayton_M._Christensen=Clayton M. Christensen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Neesy_O'Haughan=Neesy O'Haughan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oliver_R._Smoot=Oliver R. Smoot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seijun_Suzuki=Seijun Suzuki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Koila_Nailatikau=Koila Nailatikau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Makiko_Esumi=Makiko Esumi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frances-Marie_Uitti=Frances-Marie Uitti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Josiah_Guest=John Josiah Guest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dimitri_Uznadze=Dimitri Uznadze
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hans_Talhoffer=Hans Talhoffer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Val_Garay=Val Garay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Clay_Frick=Henry Clay Frick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pietro_Porcelli=Pietro Porcelli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Mulholland=William Mulholland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Solange_Gemayel=Solange Gemayel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phraortes=Phraortes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_Hurndall=Tom Hurndall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ambrose_Lau=Ambrose Lau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jim_Watt_(boxer)=Jim Watt (boxer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack_Phillips_(wireless_officer)=Jack Phillips (wireless officer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marthinus_Wessel_Pretorius=Marthinus Wessel Pretorius
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Evelyn_Hooker=Evelyn Hooker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Geoffrey_Squires=Geoffrey Squires
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jules_Desnoyers=Jules Desnoyers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Baker_(composer)=David Baker (composer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maurice_Scully=Maurice Scully
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gunther_Schuller=Gunther Schuller
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sandra_Roelofs=Sandra Roelofs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harold_Greenberg=Harold Greenberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hope_Lange=Hope Lange
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martin_Abern=Martin Abern
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Gallagher_(geologist)=John Gallagher (geologist)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elizabeth_Ann_Whitney=Elizabeth Ann Whitney
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lady_Eve_Balfour=Lady Eve Balfour
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angelica_Singleton_Van_Buren=Angelica Singleton Van Buren
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emma_Smith=Emma Smith
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Kidron=Michael Kidron
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Antoine_Nau=John Antoine Nau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/JR_Digs=JR Digs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philip_Stanhope,_5th_Earl_Stanhope=Philip Stanhope, 5th Earl Stanhope
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alice_Bailey=Alice Bailey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mary_Arthur_McElroy=Mary Arthur McElroy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Conrad_Keely=Conrad Keely
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Caddy=Peter Caddy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Santino_Solari=Santino Solari
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eliot_Coleman=Eliot Coleman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Craig_Benson=Craig Benson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Baldacci=John Baldacci
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mike_Johanns=Mike Johanns
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Donald_Carcieri=Donald Carcieri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jenny_Jones_(Green_politician)=Jenny Jones (Green politician)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dino_De_Laurentiis=Dino De Laurentiis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Simon_Harcourt,_1st_Viscount_Harcourt=Simon Harcourt, 1st Viscount Harcourt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abu'l-Hasan_al-Uqlidisi=Abu'l-Hasan al-Uqlidisi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ham_(son_of_Noah)=Ham (son of Noah)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kiyoshi_Kurosawa=Kiyoshi Kurosawa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_E._Blackmer=David E. Blackmer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sidney_H._Liebson=Sidney H. Liebson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nisargadatta_Maharaj=Nisargadatta Maharaj
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pavel_Milyukov=Pavel Milyukov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barthel_Schink=Barthel Schink
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anthony_Traill_(linguist)=Anthony Traill (linguist)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Wyatt_the_Younger=Thomas Wyatt the Younger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Montgomery=Joseph Montgomery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cheryl_Gillan=Cheryl Gillan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Darren_Wershler=Darren Wershler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don_Bolles=Don Bolles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ruth_Ann_Minner=Ruth Ann Minner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Franz_Jakubowski=Franz Jakubowski
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roger_Milla=Roger Milla
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raymond_Dale_Rowsey=Raymond Dale Rowsey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kareena_Kapoor_Khan=Kareena Kapoor Khan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nat_Love=Nat Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patrick_Tam_(film_director)=Patrick Tam (film director)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mekled_Hamied=Mekled Hamied
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stephen_Boyd=Stephen Boyd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oliver_Bulleid=Oliver Bulleid
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Niurka_Marcos=Niurka Marcos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aslan_Abashidze=Aslan Abashidze
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Merab_Mamardashvili=Merab Mamardashvili
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dominic_Grieve=Dominic Grieve
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Helen_Mary_Jones=Helen Mary Jones
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Noe_Zhordania=Noe Zhordania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Faisal_Husseini=Faisal Husseini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Waddington,_Baron_Waddington=David Waddington, Baron Waddington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis_William,_Margrave_of_Baden-Baden=Louis William, Margrave of Baden-Baden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dinsdale_Landen=Dinsdale Landen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Moore_(British_politician)=Michael Moore (British politician)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Natalia_Sedova=Natalia Sedova
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mikhail_Baryshnikov=Mikhail Baryshnikov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Wentworth_(Lieutenant-Governor)=John Wentworth (Lieutenant-Governor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Lazarsfeld=Paul Lazarsfeld
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jim_Knight=Jim Knight
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Wentworth_(judge)=John Wentworth (judge)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henryk_Zygalski=Henryk Zygalski
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benita_Ferrero-Waldner=Benita Ferrero-Waldner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Monbiot=George Monbiot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Herbert_Lom=Herbert Lom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alberich_Mazak=Alberich Mazak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Wentworth,_Jr.=John Wentworth, Jr.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Max_Magnus_Norman=Max Magnus Norman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mary_Elizabeth_Bliss=Mary Elizabeth Bliss
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lloyd_Swanton=Lloyd Swanton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vincent_Persichetti=Vincent Persichetti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lepa_Brena=Lepa Brena
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gilbert_Romme=Gilbert Romme
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Julius_Lippert=Julius Lippert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_FitzAlan,_10th_Earl_of_Arundel=Richard FitzAlan, 10th Earl of Arundel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Crewe-Milnes,_1st_Marquess_of_Crewe=Robert Crewe-Milnes, 1st Marquess of Crewe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Colvig=William Colvig
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Enric_Bernat=Enric Bernat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Janus_Friis=Janus Friis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dan_Cohn-Sherbok=Dan Cohn-Sherbok
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nick_Pollotta=Nick Pollotta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Corneliu_Zelea_Codreanu=Corneliu Zelea Codreanu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harry_Quelch=Harry Quelch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jonathan_Penrose=Jonathan Penrose
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrew_Love=Andrew Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Woodsworth=James Woodsworth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Britt_Cobb=Britt Cobb
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meg_Scott_Phipps=Meg Scott Phipps
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glen_Lang=Glen Lang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Moore_(Scottish_physician)=John Moore (Scottish physician)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Ucko=Peter Ucko
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mikhail_Pletnev=Mikhail Pletnev
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frances_Bean_Cobain=Frances Bean Cobain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fortunio_Bonanova=Fortunio Bonanova
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Floyd_Odlum=Floyd Odlum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Micky_Arison=Micky Arison
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anson_Jones=Anson Jones
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brigid_Brophy=Brigid Brophy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ricky_Williams=Ricky Williams
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_I_Sinclair,_Earl_of_Orkney=Henry I Sinclair, Earl of Orkney
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Percy,_1st_Earl_of_Northumberland=Henry Percy, 1st Earl of Northumberland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Percy,_2nd_Earl_of_Northumberland=Henry Percy, 2nd Earl of Northumberland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Percy,_4th_Earl_of_Northumberland=Henry Percy, 4th Earl of Northumberland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Percy,_3rd_Earl_of_Northumberland=Henry Percy, 3rd Earl of Northumberland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hans_Robert_Hiegel=Hans Robert Hiegel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Percy,_6th_Earl_of_Northumberland=Henry Percy, 6th Earl of Northumberland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Renee_O'Connor=Renee O'Connor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eleanor_Hovda=Eleanor Hovda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anne_Garrels=Anne Garrels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Josephus_Daniels=Josephus Daniels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ross_H._Arnett,_Jr.=Ross H. Arnett, Jr.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manolo_Rivera_Morales=Manolo Rivera Morales
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sympson_the_Joiner=Sympson the Joiner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nadira_Naipaul=Nadira Naipaul
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aron_Ralston=Aron Ralston
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Majid_Majidi=Majid Majidi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frank_Furedi=Frank Furedi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Munmu_of_Silla=Munmu of Silla
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gwanggaeto_the_Great=Gwanggaeto the Great
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gyebaek=Gyebaek
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Caddel=Richard Caddel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kim_Yushin=Kim Yushin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mariska_Hargitay=Mariska Hargitay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/R._A._F._Penrose,_Jr.=R. A. F. Penrose, Jr.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Garrett_Gruener=Garrett Gruener
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Stephanopoulos=George Stephanopoulos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Warthen=David Warthen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sophie,_Duchess_of_Hohenberg=Sophie, Duchess of Hohenberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deryck_Cooke=Deryck Cooke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Porteous=George Porteous
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emir_Kusturica=Emir Kusturica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frederick_Ruckstull=Frederick Ruckstull
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Porteous_(soldier)=John Porteous (soldier)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grifo=Grifo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harry_Goz=Harry Goz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Max_Knoll=Max Knoll
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Willi_Stoph=Willi Stoph
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_III,_Duke_of_Brabant=Henry III, Duke of Brabant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_II,_Duke_of_Brabant=Henry II, Duke of Brabant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Kuralt=Charles Kuralt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_Kasell=Carl Kasell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isma'il_ibn_Jafar=Isma'il ibn Jafar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_Schalck-Golodkowski=Alexander Schalck-Golodkowski
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ja'far_al-Sadiq=Ja'far al-Sadiq
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madge_Bellamy=Madge Bellamy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hiromichi_Mori=Hiromichi Mori
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gertrude_Berg=Gertrude Berg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zaidiyyah=Zaidiyyah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Herb_Gardner=Herb Gardner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Muhammad_al-Baqir=Muhammad al-Baqir
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gene_Wilder=Gene Wilder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ali_al-Ridha=Ali al-Ridha
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Muhammad_al-Jawad=Muhammad al-Jawad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Luttwak=Edward Luttwak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ali_al-Hadi=Ali al-Hadi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vasily_Kalinnikov=Vasily Kalinnikov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hasan_al-Askari=Hasan al-Askari
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Muhammad_al-Mahdi=Muhammad al-Mahdi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_George_Bonney=Thomas George Bonney
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emmett_Till=Emmett Till
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Busby_Berkeley=Busby Berkeley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abu'l-Fadl_Bayhaqi=Abu'l-Fadl Bayhaqi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_FitzAlan,_12th_Earl_of_Arundel=Thomas FitzAlan, 12th Earl of Arundel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeong_Mong-ju=Jeong Mong-ju
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giuseppe_Tornatore=Giuseppe Tornatore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ahmed_Wali_Karzai=Ahmed Wali Karzai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicole_Brown_Simpson=Nicole Brown Simpson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ronald_Goldman=Ronald Goldman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Werner_Koch=Werner Koch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Son_Byong-hi=Son Byong-hi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ron_Suskind=Ron Suskind
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vincent_Browne=Vincent Browne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jim_Belushi=Jim Belushi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ed_Dorn=Ed Dorn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Phillips_(geologist)=John Phillips (geologist)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicola_Porpora=Nicola Porpora
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Ashton_(actor)=Joseph Ashton (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Seward_Johnson_II=John Seward Johnson II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Katia_and_Maurice_Krafft=Katia and Maurice Krafft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alastair_Goodlad,_Baron_Goodlad=Alastair Goodlad, Baron Goodlad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eddie_Murray=Eddie Murray
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_Bradley_(author)=Tom Bradley (author)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Percy_Lavon_Julian=Percy Lavon Julian
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Masahiro_Mori=Masahiro Mori
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mu_of_Balhae=Mu of Balhae
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seon_of_Balhae=Seon of Balhae
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilhelm_Marx=Wilhelm Marx
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Hirsch_(politician)=Paul Hirsch (politician)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacques_de_Vaucanson=Jacques de Vaucanson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adam_Stegerwald=Adam Stegerwald
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gregor_Strasser=Gregor Strasser
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martin_Conway,_1st_Baron_Conway_of_Allington=Martin Conway, 1st Baron Conway of Allington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elijah_Abel=Elijah Abel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_FitzAlan,_13th_Earl_of_Arundel=John FitzAlan, 13th Earl of Arundel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_Godunov=Alexander Godunov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Armstrong-Jones=Charles Armstrong-Jones
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Margarita_Armstrong-Jones=Margarita Armstrong-Jones
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lady_Sarah_Chatto=Lady Sarah Chatto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lady_Davina_Lewis=Lady Davina Lewis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jerry_Mander=Jerry Mander
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kim_Woo-jung=Kim Woo-jung
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Kent=James Kent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Holmes_(military_historian)=Richard Holmes (military historian)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heber_J._Grant=Heber J. Grant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Edwards_(naturalist)=George Edwards (naturalist)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexandre_Julliard=Alexandre Julliard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Itzik_Kol=Itzik Kol
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maura_Tierney=Maura Tierney
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Erik_Mesterton=Erik Mesterton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Strite=Charles Strite
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walter_Hohmann=Walter Hohmann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bill_Griffiths=Bill Griffiths
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edmund_Mortimer,_3rd_Earl_of_March=Edmund Mortimer, 3rd Earl of March
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Hopkins_Gallaudet=Thomas Hopkins Gallaudet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bob_Cobbing=Bob Cobbing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Hamilton_(writer)=Thomas Hamilton (writer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christian_Metz_(critic)=Christian Metz (critic)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Preston,_1st_Viscount_Tara=Thomas Preston, 1st Viscount Tara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Porteous=James Porteous
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lou_Montulli=Lou Montulli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pat_Smith_(wrestler)=Pat Smith (wrestler)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Archibald_Montgomerie,_13th_Earl_of_Eglinton=Archibald Montgomerie, 13th Earl of Eglinton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sir_William_Fraser,_4th_Baronet=Sir William Fraser, 4th Baronet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Nelson_Reilly=Charles Nelson Reilly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_L._Brooks=James L. Brooks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lloyd_Biggle,_Jr.=Lloyd Biggle, Jr.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Herb_Gray=Herb Gray
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mark_W._Tiedemann=Mark W. Tiedemann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gouverneur_Morris=Gouverneur Morris
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lionel_Trilling=Lionel Trilling
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Katherine_Helmond=Katherine Helmond
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emily_Hahn=Emily Hahn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_Laemmle=Carl Laemmle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Terry_A._Anderson=Terry A. Anderson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Herman_J._Mankiewicz=Herman J. Mankiewicz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_L._Mankiewicz=Joseph L. Mankiewicz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mike_Peters_(cartoonist)=Mike Peters (cartoonist)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_FitzAlan,_14th_Earl_of_Arundel=John FitzAlan, 14th Earl of Arundel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ronald_Paul_Bucca=Ronald Paul Bucca
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Asa_Shinn_Mercer=Asa Shinn Mercer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ludivine_Sagnier=Ludivine Sagnier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uta_Hagen=Uta Hagen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roy_Fisher=Roy Fisher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Ramsay,_9th_Earl_of_Dalhousie=George Ramsay, 9th Earl of Dalhousie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Paulet,_1st_Duke_of_Bolton=Charles Paulet, 1st Duke of Bolton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Paulet,_2nd_Duke_of_Bolton=Charles Paulet, 2nd Duke of Bolton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fong_Sai-yuk=Fong Sai-yuk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gael_Turnbull=Gael Turnbull
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brendan_Grace=Brendan Grace
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Duncan_Hallas=Duncan Hallas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tony_Valeri=Tony Valeri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ari_Vatanen=Ari Vatanen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bartolomeo_Pagano=Bartolomeo Pagano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tommy_Mottola=Tommy Mottola
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Hadley=George Hadley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francesco_Maria_Veracini=Francesco Maria Veracini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Mundy_Peterson=Thomas Mundy Peterson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giuseppe_Tartini=Giuseppe Tartini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Farrell_Dobbs=Farrell Dobbs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theodosius_Harnack=Theodosius Harnack
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alex_Barris=Alex Barris
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sam_Livingston=Sam Livingston
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Morrison_Waite=Morrison Waite
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reginald_de_Braose=Reginald de Braose
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Dolben_(politician)=John Dolben (politician)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harry_Beck=Harry Beck
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Edward,_Duke_of_Saxe-Coburg_and_Gotha=Charles Edward, Duke of Saxe-Coburg and Gotha
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_S._Johnson=John S. Johnson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frances_Perkins=Frances Perkins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/E._Roland_Harriman=E. Roland Harriman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/E._H._Harriman=E. H. Harriman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Auberon_Herbert=Auberon Herbert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_FitzAlan,_11th_Earl_of_Arundel=Richard FitzAlan, 11th Earl of Arundel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elizabeth_Fitzalan,_Duchess_of_Norfolk=Elizabeth Fitzalan, Duchess of Norfolk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Wingfield=Robert Wingfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_H._Gates,_Sr.=William H. Gates, Sr.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Pakenham,_5th_Earl_of_Longford=Thomas Pakenham, 5th Earl of Longford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_de_Forz,_3rd_Earl_of_Albemarle=William de Forz, 3rd Earl of Albemarle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Florinda_Meza=Florinda Meza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matthew_Griswold_(congressman)=Matthew Griswold (congressman)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mick_Goodrick=Mick Goodrick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_P._Hoffa=James P. Hoffa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Al-Hajjaj_ibn_Yusuf=Al-Hajjaj ibn Yusuf
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frank_Wolf_(politician)=Frank Wolf (politician)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eric_Cantor=Eric Cantor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raymond_Thayer_Birge=Raymond Thayer Birge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph-Marie_Vien=Joseph-Marie Vien
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henri_Cazalis=Henri Cazalis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/C._R._Smith=C. R. Smith
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oliver_Tambo=Oliver Tambo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ilya_Ehrenburg=Ilya Ehrenburg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Panayiotis_Zavos=Panayiotis Zavos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Billy_Dee_Williams=Billy Dee Williams
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Huntz_Hall=Huntz Hall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kathleen_Sebelius=Kathleen Sebelius
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Hanson_(director)=John Hanson (director)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_de_Beauchamp,_12th_Earl_of_Warwick=Thomas de Beauchamp, 12th Earl of Warwick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Earl_of_Suffolk=Earl of Suffolk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Conrad_Grebel=Conrad Grebel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elton_Mayo=Elton Mayo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guy_de_Beauchamp,_10th_Earl_of_Warwick=Guy de Beauchamp, 10th Earl of Warwick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_de_Beauchamp,_11th_Earl_of_Warwick=Thomas de Beauchamp, 11th Earl of Warwick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mansur_Al-Hallaj=Mansur Al-Hallaj
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fredegund=Fredegund
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ilia_II_of_Georgia=Ilia II of Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baron_Bliss=Baron Bliss
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_W._Scott=Robert W. Scott
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dan_K._Moore=Dan K. Moore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Holshouser=James Holshouser
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luther_H._Hodges=Luther H. Hodges
http://dbpedia.org/resource/R._Gregg_Cherry=R. Gregg Cherry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/J._Melville_Broughton=J. Melville Broughton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Somerset,_1st_Earl_of_Worcester=Charles Somerset, 1st Earl of Worcester
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Gleason=Paul Gleason
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Kelly_(psychologist)=George Kelly (psychologist)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Hamilton_(photographer)=David Hamilton (photographer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prince_Josias_of_Saxe-Coburg-Saalfeld=Prince Josias of Saxe-Coburg-Saalfeld
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Healey=John Healey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Hood=James Hood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Boyd_Dunlop=John Boyd Dunlop
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tony_McNulty=Tony McNulty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zhuge_Jin=Zhuge Jin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vincenzo_Scamozzi=Vincenzo Scamozzi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Brantley_Aycock=Charles Brantley Aycock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kenneth_Searight=Kenneth Searight
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Ferrel=William Ferrel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alistair_Carmichael=Alistair Carmichael
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matvey_Gusev=Matvey Gusev
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sam_Manning_(musician)=Sam Manning (musician)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lew_Rywin=Lew Rywin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Wilkinson_(industrialist)=John Wilkinson (industrialist)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carlos_Lyra=Carlos Lyra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bob_Goodlatte=Bob Goodlatte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hoshea=Hoshea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jerry_Vines=Jerry Vines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grace_Aguilar=Grace Aguilar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lawrence_Jenco=Lawrence Jenco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Warren_Christopher=Warren Christopher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brian_Flemming=Brian Flemming
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicholas_Kristof=Nicholas Kristof
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meadowlark_Lemon=Meadowlark Lemon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philander_C._Knox=Philander C. Knox
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mehmet_Ali_Talat=Mehmet Ali Talat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yoon_Young-kwan=Yoon Young-kwan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saif_al-Adel=Saif al-Adel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dror_Feiler=Dror Feiler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zvi_Mazel=Zvi Mazel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harry_Bannink=Harry Bannink
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lionel_Snell=Lionel Snell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Will_Crooks=Will Crooks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theudas=Theudas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gulzarilal_Nanda=Gulzarilal Nanda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Kravis=Henry Kravis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Wendt=George Wendt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harry_Williams_(songwriter)=Harry Williams (songwriter)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brentwood_S._Tolan=Brentwood S. Tolan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daniel_Glazman=Daniel Glazman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Milo_Radulovich=Milo Radulovich
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ezzedine_Salim=Ezzedine Salim
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_A._Gambling=John A. Gambling
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reies_Tijerina=Reies Tijerina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Efren_Reyes=Efren Reyes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bruce_Lehman=Bruce Lehman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Willie_Mosconi=Willie Mosconi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bill_Goldberg=Bill Goldberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rudolf_Wanderone=Rudolf Wanderone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Julius_Houseman=Julius Houseman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coretta_Scott_King=Coretta Scott King
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greil_Marcus=Greil Marcus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Irene_Papas=Irene Papas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walter_Newman_(screenwriter)=Walter Newman (screenwriter)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eric_Mottram=Eric Mottram
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henrik_Wann_Jensen=Henrik Wann Jensen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sirimavo_Bandaranaike=Sirimavo Bandaranaike
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Naomi_Levine=Naomi Levine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lee_Harwood=Lee Harwood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gunnar_Hansen=Gunnar Hansen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Mills_(architect)=Robert Mills (architect)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Gustaf_Tengmalm=Peter Gustaf Tengmalm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christophe_Rocancourt=Christophe Rocancourt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sidney_Reilly=Sidney Reilly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lorenzo_Snow=Lorenzo Snow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Townsend_Saward=James Townsend Saward
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mary_Anne_Talbot=Mary Anne Talbot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marvin_Hewitt=Marvin Hewitt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/E._P._Taylor=E. P. Taylor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daniel_Robbins_(computer_programmer)=Daniel Robbins (computer programmer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Catherine_O'Hara=Catherine O'Hara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Suzzallo=Henry Suzzallo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gary_Gabelich=Gary Gabelich
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kim_Raver=Kim Raver
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jerry_Nachman=Jerry Nachman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Simon_Barere=Simon Barere
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mo_Tse=Mo Tse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Catherine_Bach=Catherine Bach
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heiner_Goebbels=Heiner Goebbels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Larry_Merchant=Larry Merchant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walid_Jumblatt=Walid Jumblatt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vincent_Saint_John=Vincent Saint John
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Hawker=Robert Hawker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cree_Summer=Cree Summer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marquess_of_Exeter=Marquess of Exeter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Musa_bin_Nusayr=Musa bin Nusayr
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trevor_Berbick=Trevor Berbick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christopher_Logue=Christopher Logue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Douglas_C._Waller=Douglas C. Waller
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Riley_(poet)=John Riley (poet)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jackson_Showalter=Jackson Showalter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack_Sheppard=Jack Sheppard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Susan_Butcher=Susan Butcher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_Holmes=Tom Holmes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stelios_Haji-Ioannou=Stelios Haji-Ioannou
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Fairfield_Osborn=Henry Fairfield Osborn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Franc_Frakelj=Franc Frakelj
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grant_Gee=Grant Gee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierre_Jaquet-Droz=Pierre Jaquet-Droz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philip_Zimbardo=Philip Zimbardo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Hall_(physician)=John Hall (physician)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elias_Boudinot_(Cherokee)=Elias Boudinot (Cherokee)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Stafford_Smith=John Stafford Smith
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eugene_Levy=Eugene Levy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dick_Sargent=Dick Sargent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Annette_Bening=Annette Bening
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack_Mundey=Jack Mundey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Khalid_Mohamed=Khalid Mohamed
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amyntas_II_of_Macedon=Amyntas II of Macedon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carol_Harris-Shapiro=Carol Harris-Shapiro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Collins_(priest)=John Collins (priest)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sherwin_Wine=Sherwin Wine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tony_Knowles_(politician)=Tony Knowles (politician)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ben_Johnson_(actor)=Ben Johnson (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norbert_Provencher=Norbert Provencher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_M._Schwab=Charles M. Schwab
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shigechiyo_Izumi=Shigechiyo Izumi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/J._Leonard_Replogle=J. Leonard Replogle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Herbert_Walker=George Herbert Walker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gerald_Gardiner,_Baron_Gardiner=Gerald Gardiner, Baron Gardiner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tony_Randall=Tony Randall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Casimir_IV,_Duke_of_Pomerania=Casimir IV, Duke of Pomerania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matthias_Buchinger=Matthias Buchinger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francis_Godwin=Francis Godwin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stephanus_Van_Cortlandt=Stephanus Van Cortlandt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Allen_Fisher=Allen Fisher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gottfried_Reinhold_Treviranus=Gottfried Reinhold Treviranus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kelly_Slater=Kelly Slater
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henri_Maillardet=Henri Maillardet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Neil_LaBute=Neil LaBute
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Randolph_Jefferson=Randolph Jefferson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Herbert_Little=Charles Herbert Little
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Helmuth_James_Graf_von_Moltke=Helmuth James Graf von Moltke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Somporn_Saekhow=Somporn Saekhow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alasdair_Smith=Alasdair Smith
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles-Valentin_Alkan=Charles-Valentin Alkan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean-Pierre_Vigier=Jean-Pierre Vigier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Kapell=William Kapell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arturo_Benedetti_Michelangeli=Arturo Benedetti Michelangeli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Erwin_Finlay-Freundlich=Erwin Finlay-Freundlich
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Takeshi_Kaga=Takeshi Kaga
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ann_Miller=Ann Miller
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antipope_Christopher=Antipope Christopher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mario_Savio=Mario Savio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leonor_Varela=Leonor Varela
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eddie_Mabo=Eddie Mabo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Asia_Argento=Asia Argento
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emperor_Xiaowu_of_Jin=Emperor Xiaowu of Jin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adrian_von_Renteln=Adrian von Renteln
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cleveland_Torso_Murderer=Cleveland Torso Murderer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Naoto_Ohshima=Naoto Ohshima
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mary_Docter=Mary Docter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kishan_Lal_Passi=Kishan Lal Passi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keith_Hamilton_Cobb=Keith Hamilton Cobb
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Behrman=David Behrman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ernest_Bramah=Ernest Bramah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Wright_(geologist)=Thomas Wright (geologist)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Hodges_Choate=Joseph Hodges Choate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Farrer_Herschell,_1st_Baron_Herschell=Farrer Herschell, 1st Baron Herschell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/W._S._Graham=W. S. Graham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lawrence_Pazder=Lawrence Pazder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Topher_Grace=Topher Grace
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aisha_Tyler=Aisha Tyler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zizi_Jeanmaire=Zizi Jeanmaire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_Dahlia=Black Dahlia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wang_Fanxi=Wang Fanxi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Erich_von_Falkenhayn=Erich von Falkenhayn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeremy_Roenick=Jeremy Roenick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sondul_Chapouk=Sondul Chapouk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rudolf_Bahro=Rudolf Bahro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Irmgard_Keun=Irmgard Keun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Josef_Hofmann=Josef Hofmann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ella_Wheeler_Wilcox=Ella Wheeler Wilcox
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ahmed_al-Barak=Ahmed al-Barak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ghazi_Mashal_Ajil_al-Yawer=Ghazi Mashal Ajil al-Yawer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mohsen_Abdel_Hamid=Mohsen Abdel Hamid
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wael_Abdul_Latif=Wael Abdul Latif
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dara_Nur_al-Din=Dara Nur al-Din
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Salama_al-Khufaji=Salama al-Khufaji
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abdel-Karim_Mahoud_al-Mohammedawi=Abdel-Karim Mahoud al-Mohammedawi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ayad_Allawi=Ayad Allawi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Sanes=David Sanes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nisrin_Barwari=Nisrin Barwari
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Juan_de_Grijalva=Juan de Grijalva
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baqir_Jabr_al-Zubeidi=Baqir Jabr al-Zubeidi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abderrahman_Sadik_Karim=Abderrahman Sadik Karim
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alaa_Abdessaheb_al-Alwan=Alaa Abdessaheb al-Alwan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ziad_Abderrazzak_Mohammad_Aswad=Ziad Abderrazzak Mohammad Aswad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mahdi_al-Hafez=Mahdi al-Hafez
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mufid_Mohammad_Jawad_al-Jazairi=Mufid Mohammad Jawad al-Jazairi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abdel_Amir_Abbud_Rahima=Abdel Amir Abbud Rahima
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nuri_Badran=Nuri Badran
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Khodayyir_Abbas=Khodayyir Abbas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hoshyar_Zebari=Hoshyar Zebari
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ali_Faik_al-Ghadban=Ali Faik al-Ghadban
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rashad_Mandan_Omar=Rashad Mandan Omar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hashim_Abderrahman_al-Shibli=Hashim Abderrahman al-Shibli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ibrahim_Mohammad_Bahr_al-Ulloum=Ibrahim Mohammad Bahr al-Ulloum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sami_Azara_al-Majun=Sami Azara al-Majun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Latif_Rashid=Latif Rashid
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mohammad_Jassem_Khodayyir=Mohammad Jassem Khodayyir
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kamel_al-Kilani=Kamel al-Kilani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bahnam_Zaya_Bulos=Bahnam Zaya Bulos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bernardo_Atxaga=Bernardo Atxaga
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_FitzOsbern,_1st_Earl_of_Hereford=William FitzOsbern, 1st Earl of Hereford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adriaen_Block=Adriaen Block
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liza_Dalby=Liza Dalby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Jones_(statesman)=William Jones (statesman)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Basava_Premanand=Basava Premanand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jim_McGovern_(U.S._politician)=Jim McGovern (U.S. politician)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierre_Gy=Pierre Gy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Murdoch=James Murdoch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Hanson_(singer)=John Hanson (singer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Susie_Cooper=Susie Cooper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bernardo_Soto_Alfaro=Bernardo Soto Alfaro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maurice_Strong=Maurice Strong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexandre_Alexeieff=Alexandre Alexeieff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walter_Thiel=Walter Thiel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carole_Montillet=Carole Montillet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hanns_Ludin=Hanns Ludin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roger_Mortimer,_1st_Earl_of_March=Roger Mortimer, 1st Earl of March
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roger_Mortimer,_1st_Baron_Mortimer=Roger Mortimer, 1st Baron Mortimer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roger_Mortimer,_4th_Earl_of_March=Roger Mortimer, 4th Earl of March
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aimeric_de_Peguilhan=Aimeric de Peguilhan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fritz_Hartjenstein=Fritz Hartjenstein
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Felix_Manz=Felix Manz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chico_Mendes=Chico Mendes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Margaret_Frazer=Margaret Frazer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steve_Linford=Steve Linford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Achim_Gercke=Achim Gercke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lester_Thurow=Lester Thurow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_George_Haigh=John George Haigh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Langworthy=Edward Langworthy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Auguste_Casimir-Perier=Auguste Casimir-Perier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frances_Farmer=Frances Farmer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jarnail_Singh_Bhindranwale=Jarnail Singh Bhindranwale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ewald_Georg_von_Kleist=Ewald Georg von Kleist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aliki_Vougiouklaki=Aliki Vougiouklaki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfred_Des_Cloizeaux=Alfred Des Cloizeaux
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jehoahaz_of_Judah=Jehoahaz of Judah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jehoiakim=Jehoiakim
http://dbpedia.org/resource/F._R._Leavis=F. R. Leavis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sidney_Tushingham=Sidney Tushingham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Syphax=Syphax
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pekka_Vasala=Pekka Vasala
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tito_Gobbi=Tito Gobbi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Teresa_Heinz=Teresa Heinz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charlie_Chester=Charlie Chester
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_Kartveli=Alexander Kartveli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fulwar_Skipwith=Fulwar Skipwith
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Victor_Mature=Victor Mature
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tomonobu_Itagaki=Tomonobu Itagaki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gioseffo_Zarlino=Gioseffo Zarlino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charlie_Rose=Charlie Rose
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Abbott,_1st_Baron_Tenterden=Charles Abbott, 1st Baron Tenterden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Lucy=Charles Lucy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Denman,_1st_Baron_Denman=Thomas Denman, 1st Baron Denman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Magnus_Carlsen=Magnus Carlsen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edwin_Waller=Edwin Waller
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Nicollet=Joseph Nicollet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charlie_Penson=Charlie Penson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Larry_Elder=Larry Elder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_G._Burnet=David G. Burnet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fritz_Thiedemann=Fritz Thiedemann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bruno_Ganz=Bruno Ganz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anupam_Kher=Anupam Kher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Franz_Antel=Franz Antel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Simon_Snyder=Simon Snyder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Hiester=Joseph Hiester
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carlton_R._Sickles=Carlton R. Sickles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jonathan_Hancock=Jonathan Hancock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bill_Heine=Bill Heine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francis_R._Shunk=Francis R. Shunk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_F._Johnston=William F. Johnston
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Bigler=William Bigler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_W._McChesney=Robert W. McChesney
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miranda_Otto=Miranda Otto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_F._Packer=William F. Packer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A._J._Liebling=A. J. Liebling
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_B._Gambling=John B. Gambling
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_W._Geary=John W. Geary
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gottlob_Berger=Gottlob Berger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Laurance=John Laurance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daniel_H._Hastings=Daniel H. Hastings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wesley_Critz_George=Wesley Critz George
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dragutin_Lerman=Dragutin Lerman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Huw_Edwards_(journalist)=Huw Edwards (journalist)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barbara_Bain=Barbara Bain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Appius_Claudius_Caudex=Appius Claudius Caudex
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Whiteley=Richard Whiteley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georges_Ernest_Boulanger=Georges Ernest Boulanger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monroe_Beardsley=Monroe Beardsley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Archibald_Campbell,_1st_Marquess_of_Argyll=Archibald Campbell, 1st Marquess of Argyll
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Kurtz_Wimsatt,_Jr.=William Kurtz Wimsatt, Jr.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Psamtik_I=Psamtik I
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Psamtik_II=Psamtik II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexandra_Ripley=Alexandra Ripley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joanna_MacGregor=Joanna MacGregor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Helmut_Jahn=Helmut Jahn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glenn_Sacks=Glenn Sacks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Nava=Michael Nava
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hjalmar_Johansen=Hjalmar Johansen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christiane_F.=Christiane F.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_More_Smith=Henry More Smith
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matthias_Weckmann=Matthias Weckmann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_Titelouze=Jean Titelouze
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arun_Jaitley=Arun Jaitley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Charles_Herries=John Charles Herries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cleanth_Brooks=Cleanth Brooks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Billy_May=Billy May
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexey_Stakhanov=Alexey Stakhanov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sergey_Prokudin-Gorsky=Sergey Prokudin-Gorsky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Camille_d'Hostun,_duc_de_Tallard=Camille d'Hostun, duc de Tallard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Clarkson=Thomas Clarkson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mirko_and_Stjepan_Seljan=Mirko and Stjepan Seljan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis_Menand=Louis Menand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Granville_Sharp=Granville Sharp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mia_Kirshner=Mia Kirshner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lonny_Chapman=Lonny Chapman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Lane_Wilson=Henry Lane Wilson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Owen_(chess_player)=John Owen (chess player)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tullio_Moneta=Tullio Moneta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Donald_Segretti=Donald Segretti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Khasekhemwy=Khasekhemwy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis_Couperin=Louis Couperin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Livingstone_Bramble=Livingstone Bramble
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Florian_Ceynowa=Florian Ceynowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philip_Converse=Philip Converse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kris_Aquino=Kris Aquino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Velupillai_Prabhakaran=Velupillai Prabhakaran
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yossi_Beilin=Yossi Beilin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rikki_Fulton=Rikki Fulton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don_Messick=Don Messick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lino_Ventura=Lino Ventura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean-Jacques_Annaud=Jean-Jacques Annaud
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gavyn_Davies=Gavyn Davies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Sinclair_(bishop)=William Sinclair (bishop)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_Ellard=Tom Ellard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Kay=David Kay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Ervine=David Ervine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jakov_Gotovac=Jakov Gotovac
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Titus_Quinctius_Flamininus=Titus Quinctius Flamininus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Smithson_Tennant=Smithson Tennant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yuri_Kondratyuk=Yuri Kondratyuk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boleslaus_II,_Duke_of_Bohemia=Boleslaus II, Duke of Bohemia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mary_Ellen_Withrow=Mary Ellen Withrow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_C._Duncan_(astrophysicist)=Robert C. Duncan (astrophysicist)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hardinge_Giffard,_1st_Earl_of_Halsbury=Hardinge Giffard, 1st Earl of Halsbury
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roundell_Palmer,_1st_Earl_of_Selborne=Roundell Palmer, 1st Earl of Selborne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bo_Derek=Bo Derek
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arturo_Di_Modica=Arturo Di Modica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boleslaus_III,_Duke_of_Bohemia=Boleslaus III, Duke of Bohemia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goldsworthy_Lowes_Dickinson=Goldsworthy Lowes Dickinson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_Pickard=Tom Pickard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Shore_(trumpeter)=John Shore (trumpeter)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrew_Gilligan=Andrew Gilligan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Irene_Jai_Narayan=Irene Jai Narayan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cristofano_Allori=Cristofano Allori
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Stephens_Salt=Henry Stephens Salt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maggie_O'Sullivan=Maggie O'Sullivan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greg_Dyke=Greg Dyke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stephen_Grellet=Stephen Grellet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_K._Wright,_Jr.=Robert K. Wright, Jr.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Leko=Peter Leko
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Grant,_1st_Baron_Glenelg=Charles Grant, 1st Baron Glenelg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Armin_Hofmann=Armin Hofmann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_MacLeod=George MacLeod
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ben_Bradlee=Ben Bradlee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Vassall-Fox,_3rd_Baron_Holland=Henry Vassall-Fox, 3rd Baron Holland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_McGee=American McGee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Appian=Appian
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bertrand_Clausel=Bertrand Clausel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Viet_D._Dinh=Viet D. Dinh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sir_James_Graham,_2nd_Baronet=Sir James Graham, 2nd Baronet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bernd_Rosemeyer=Bernd Rosemeyer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mikael_Jansson=Mikael Jansson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tommy_Funebo=Tommy Funebo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Ponsonby,_4th_Earl_of_Bessborough=John Ponsonby, 4th Earl of Bessborough
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lawrence_Watt-Evans=Lawrence Watt-Evans
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Clifford_(cricketer)=William Clifford (cricketer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arpachshad=Arpachshad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Revaz_Dogonadze=Revaz Dogonadze
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Einojuhani_Rautavaara=Einojuhani Rautavaara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Haynes=Richard Haynes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eric_A._Meyer=Eric A. Meyer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeffrey_Zeldman=Jeffrey Zeldman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Legge,_2nd_Earl_of_Dartmouth=William Legge, 2nd Earl of Dartmouth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Riedel=Peter Riedel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Duncan_McNeill=Robert Duncan McNeill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trevor_Kavanagh=Trevor Kavanagh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_An_Gof=Michael An Gof
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uli_Edel=Uli Edel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cornelius_Ryan=Cornelius Ryan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Lawrence_(failed_assassin)=Richard Lawrence (failed assassin)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sydney_Pollack=Sydney Pollack
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quintus_Petillius_Cerialis=Quintus Petillius Cerialis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eleanor_Marx=Eleanor Marx
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yasushi_Inoue=Yasushi Inoue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bhaktisiddhanta_Sarasvati=Bhaktisiddhanta Sarasvati
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fanny_Kaplan=Fanny Kaplan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ivan_Visin=Ivan Visin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Checkland=Peter Checkland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liza_Walker=Liza Walker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tiberius_Gemellus=Tiberius Gemellus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christian_Vadim=Christian Vadim
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andre_Marrou=Andre Marrou
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ida_Nyrop_Ludvigsen=Ida Nyrop Ludvigsen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pam_Gems=Pam Gems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_Arnold_(actor)=Tom Arnold (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Powell_Frith=William Powell Frith
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Verginia=Verginia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_D._Leahy=William D. Leahy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Eastlake=Charles Eastlake
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Holly_Marie_Combs=Holly Marie Combs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kim_Coates=Kim Coates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mehli_Mehta=Mehli Mehta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Haddon_Sundblom=Haddon Sundblom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Michels=Robert Michels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amos_Meller=Amos Meller
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ulrike_Poppe=Ulrike Poppe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_Singh=Tom Singh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zakir_Hussain_(politician)=Zakir Hussain (politician)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taishi_Ci=Taishi Ci
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierre_Etchebaster=Pierre Etchebaster
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Ruffley=David Ruffley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quintus_Fabius_Pictor=Quintus Fabius Pictor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Constantin_Ion_Parhon=Constantin Ion Parhon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guy_Drut=Guy Drut
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_A._Wright=James A. Wright
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Usama_ibn_Munqidh=Usama ibn Munqidh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Afghan_Girl=Afghan Girl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christina_Cox=Christina Cox
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Solomon_Dodashvili=Solomon Dodashvili
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Donald_Coggan=Donald Coggan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pyotr_Romanovich_Bagration=Pyotr Romanovich Bagration
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Irvin=Michael Irvin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shalva_Nutsubidze=Shalva Nutsubidze
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Phipps,_1st_Earl_of_Mulgrave=Henry Phipps, 1st Earl of Mulgrave
http://dbpedia.org/resource/E._L._Grant_Watson=E. L. Grant Watson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Max_Robinson=Max Robinson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Craig_Reynolds_(computer_graphics)=Craig Reynolds (computer graphics)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arnold_Chikobava=Arnold Chikobava
http://dbpedia.org/resource/B._T._Roberts=B. T. Roberts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georgia_Byng=Georgia Byng
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wolf_Hirth=Wolf Hirth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ingrid_Thulin=Ingrid Thulin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matthew_Taylor,_Baron_Taylor_of_Goss_Moor=Matthew Taylor, Baron Taylor of Goss Moor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Martyn_(botanist)=John Martyn (botanist)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kate_Carnell=Kate Carnell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giovonnie_Samuels=Giovonnie Samuels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dennis_Turner,_Baron_Bilston=Dennis Turner, Baron Bilston
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angela_Smith,_Baroness_Smith_of_Basildon=Angela Smith, Baroness Smith of Basildon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Spellar=John Spellar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacqui_Smith=Jacqui Smith
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Stewart_(Scottish_politician)=David Stewart (Scottish politician)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Corris=Michael Corris
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_Pithou=Jean Pithou
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicolas_Pithou=Nicolas Pithou
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Joachim_Zubly=John Joachim Zubly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giuseppe_Marco_Fieschi=Giuseppe Marco Fieschi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dan_Leno=Dan Leno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Geoffroy_du_Breuil=Geoffroy du Breuil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Harth=Robert Harth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lobsang_Rampa=Lobsang Rampa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_Whitaker=Alexander Whitaker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ian_Stevenson=Ian Stevenson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leroy_Anderson=Leroy Anderson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mary_Rowlandson=Mary Rowlandson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Feargus_O'Connor=Feargus O'Connor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Attalus_III=Attalus III
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Filbert_Bayi=Filbert Bayi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samuel_Sewall=Samuel Sewall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ferdinand_Schichau=Ferdinand Schichau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georg_Steenke=Georg Steenke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hellmuth_Hirth=Hellmuth Hirth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sri_Jayarajacudamani=Sri Jayarajacudamani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jayarajadevi=Jayarajadevi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Salo=David Salo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rona_Jaffe=Rona Jaffe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fred_Hollows=Fred Hollows
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grigol_Tsereteli=Grigol Tsereteli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_C._Owens,_Jr.=William C. Owens, Jr.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_T._Culpepper,_III=William T. Culpepper, III
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Elliott_Johnson=Charles Elliott Johnson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_A._Gorman=Michael A. Gorman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Howard_J._Hunter,_Jr.=Howard J. Hunter, Jr.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_D._Hall=John D. Hall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edith_D._Warren=Edith D. Warren
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marian_N._McLawhorn=Marian N. McLawhorn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis_M._Pate,_Jr.=Louis M. Pate, Jr.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_R._Preston=Jean R. Preston
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keith_P._Williams=Keith P. Williams
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_L._Wainwright=William L. Wainwright
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stephen_A._LaRoque=Stephen A. LaRoque
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arthur_J._Williams=Arthur J. Williams
http://dbpedia.org/resource/W._Robert_Grady=W. Robert Grady
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carolyn_H._Justice=Carolyn H. Justice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_E._Wright=Thomas E. Wright
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bonner_L._Stiller=Bonner L. Stiller
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daniel_F._McComas=Daniel F. McComas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dewey_L._Hill=Dewey L. Hill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_G._Daughtridge,_Jr.=William G. Daughtridge, Jr.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Larry_M._Bell=Larry M. Bell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edd_Nye=Edd Nye
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joe_P._Tolson=Joe P. Tolson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Billy_J._Creech=Billy J. Creech
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_Farmer-Butterfield=Jean Farmer-Butterfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stanley_H._Fox=Stanley H. Fox
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Miller_(North_Carolina_politician)=Paul Miller (North Carolina politician)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Luebke=Paul Luebke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mickey_Michaux=Mickey Michaux
http://dbpedia.org/resource/N._Leo_Daughtry=N. Leo Daughtry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bernard_Allen_(U.S._politician)=Bernard Allen (U.S. politician)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don_Munford=Don Munford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rick_L._Eddins=Rick L. Eddins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deborah_K._Ross=Deborah K. Ross
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jennifer_Weiss=Jennifer Weiss
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rick_Glazier=Rick Glazier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/J._Sam_Ellis=J. Sam Ellis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_M._Miner=David M. Miner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Stam=Paul Stam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marvin_W._Lucas=Marvin W. Lucas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Margaret_H._Dickson=Margaret H. Dickson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_W._Crawford,_Jr.=James W. Crawford, Jr.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mary_E._McAllister=Mary E. McAllister
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alex_Warner=Alex Warner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pavle_Ingorokva=Pavle Ingorokva
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ronnie_N._Sutton=Ronnie N. Sutton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Donald_A._Bonner=Donald A. Bonner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_I._Sauls=John I. Sauls
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_T._Morgan=Richard T. Morgan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joe_Hackney=Joe Hackney
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lucy_T._Allen=Lucy T. Allen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Douglas_Y._Yongue=Douglas Y. Yongue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/J._Russell_Capps=J. Russell Capps
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gordon_P._Allen=Gordon P. Allen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joanne_W._Bowie=Joanne W. Bowie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maggie_Jeffus=Maggie Jeffus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Verla_C._Insko=Verla C. Insko
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alice_L._Bordsen=Alice L. Bordsen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alma_Adams=Alma Adams
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Earl_Jones_(politician)=Earl Jones (politician)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stephen_W._Wood=Stephen W. Wood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/P._Wayne_Sexton,_Sr.=P. Wayne Sexton, Sr.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Blust=John Blust
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_R._Lewis=David R. Lewis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pryor_A._Gibson,_III=Pryor A. Gibson, III
http://dbpedia.org/resource/E._Nelson_Cole=E. Nelson Cole
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bobby_H._Barbee,_Sr.=Bobby H. Barbee, Sr.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/J._Curtis_Blackwood,_Jr.=J. Curtis Blackwood, Jr.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Linda_P._Johnson=Linda P. Johnson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Larry_W._Womble=Larry W. Womble
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Earline_W._Parmon=Earline W. Parmon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/W._Eugene_McCombs=W. Eugene McCombs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arlie_F._Culp=Arlie F. Culp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lorene_T._Coates=Lorene T. Coates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harold_J._Brubaker=Harold J. Brubaker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/L._Hugh_Holliman=L. Hugh Holliman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jerry_Dockham=Jerry Dockham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeffrey_L._Barnhart=Jeffrey L. Barnhart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/R._Tracy_Walker=R. Tracy Walker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/W._Eugene_Wilson=W. Eugene Wilson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mark_K._Hilton=Mark K. Hilton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mitchell_S._Setzer=Mitchell S. Setzer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Julia_C._Howard=Julia C. Howard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mitch_Gillespie=Mitch Gillespie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edgar_V._Starnes=Edgar V. Starnes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phillip_D._Frye=Phillip D. Frye
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walter_G._Church,_Sr.=Walter G. Church, Sr.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_A._Harrell,_III=James A. Harrell, III
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rex_L._Baker=Rex L. Baker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_M._Holmes=George M. Holmes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_C._McGee=William C. McGee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karen_B._Ray=Karen B. Ray
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joe_L._Kiser=Joe L. Kiser
http://dbpedia.org/resource/W._Franklin_Mitchell=W. Franklin Mitchell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_P._Decker=Michael P. Decker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Drew_P._Saunders=Drew P. Saunders
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Constance_K._Wilson=Constance K. Wilson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beverly_M._Earle=Beverly M. Earle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_W._Rhodes=John W. Rhodes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/W._Edwin_McMahan=W. Edwin McMahan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_B._Black=James B. Black
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jim_Gulley=Jim Gulley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_M._Rayfield=John M. Rayfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/W._Pete_Cunningham=W. Pete Cunningham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martha_B._Alexander=Martha B. Alexander
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bobby_F._England=Bobby F. England
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Becky_Carney=Becky Carney
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Debbie_A._Clary=Debbie A. Clary
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tim_Moore_(North_Carolina_politician)=Tim Moore (North Carolina politician)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carolyn_K._Justus=Carolyn K. Justus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trudi_Walend=Trudi Walend
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ray_Rapp=Ray Rapp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/D._Bruce_Goforth=D. Bruce Goforth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilma_M._Sherrill=Wilma M. Sherrill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/R._Phillip_Haire=R. Phillip Haire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marc_Basnight=Marc Basnight
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roger_West=Roger West
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Catherine_Clark=Catherine Clark
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Lee_Holloman=Robert Lee Holloman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tony_P._Moore=Tony P. Moore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cecil_Hargett=Cecil Hargett
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clark_Jenkins=Clark Jenkins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_H._Kerr,_III=John H. Kerr, III
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scott_Thomas_(district_attorney)=Scott Thomas (district attorney)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patrick_J._Ballantine=Patrick J. Ballantine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/R._C._Soles,_Jr.=R. C. Soles, Jr.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eric_Miller_Reeves=Eric Miller Reeves
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Y._Stevens=Richard Y. Stevens
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fred_Smith_(North_Carolina_politician)=Fred Smith (North Carolina politician)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_W._Albertson=Charles W. Albertson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vernon_Malone=Vernon Malone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_H._Carrington=John H. Carrington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A._B._Swindell=A. B. Swindell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_F._Weinstein=David F. Weinstein
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Larry_Shaw_(politician)=Larry Shaw (politician)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeanne_Hopkins_Lucas=Jeanne Hopkins Lucas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harris_Blake=Harris Blake
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tony_Rand=Tony Rand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eleanor_Kinnaird=Eleanor Kinnaird
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_R._Purcell=William R. Purcell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philip_E._Berger=Philip E. Berger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Katie_G._Dorsett=Katie G. Dorsett
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hugh_Webster=Hugh Webster
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jerry_W._Tillman=Jerry W. Tillman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_A._Garwood=John A. Garwood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hamilton_C._Horton,_Jr.=Hamilton C. Horton, Jr.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Linda_Garrou=Linda Garrou
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fern_Shubert=Fern Shubert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stan_Bingham=Stan Bingham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charlie_Smith_Dannelly=Charlie Smith Dannelly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrew_C._Brock=Andrew C. Brock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dan_Clodfelter=Dan Clodfelter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kay_Hagan=Kay Hagan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/R._B._Sloan,_Jr.=R. B. Sloan, Jr.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fletcher_L._Hartsell,_Jr.=Fletcher L. Hartsell, Jr.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_W._Hoyle=David W. Hoyle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Forrester_(politician)=James Forrester (politician)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Austin_M._Allran=Austin M. Allran
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_A._Rucho=Robert A. Rucho
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_Apodaca=Tom Apodaca
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joe_Sam_Queen=Joe Sam Queen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_C._Carpenter=Robert C. Carpenter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steve_Metcalf=Steve Metcalf
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keith_Williams_(architect)=Keith Williams (architect)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexandre_Trudeau=Alexandre Trudeau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mark_Shulman_(author)=Mark Shulman (author)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alberto_Juantorena=Alberto Juantorena
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mark_Brandis=Mark Brandis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/J._K._Sinha=J. K. Sinha
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sally_Gerber=Sally Gerber
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Junko_Tabei=Junko Tabei
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Terry_Biddlecombe=Terry Biddlecombe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kathy_Najimy=Kathy Najimy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierre_Bouguer=Pierre Bouguer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Marie_de_La_Condamine=Charles Marie de La Condamine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_F._Orr=Robert F. Orr
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I._Beverly_Lake=I. Beverly Lake
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mark_Martin_(judge)=Mark Martin (judge)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Morris_Markin=Morris Markin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sarah_Parker=Sarah Parker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_L._Wainwright,_Jr.=George L. Wainwright, Jr.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_H._Edmunds,_Jr.=Robert H. Edmunds, Jr.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Thomas_Brady=Edward Thomas Brady
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lonnie_Jordan=Lonnie Jordan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aamir_Ageeb=Aamir Ageeb
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_St_Clair-Erskine,_2nd_Earl_of_Rosslyn=James St Clair-Erskine, 2nd Earl of Rosslyn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fritz_Julius_Kuhn=Fritz Julius Kuhn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sally_Rand=Sally Rand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kumiko_Aso=Kumiko Aso
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Malcolm_Chisholm=Malcolm Chisholm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Clark,_Baron_Clark_of_Windermere=David Clark, Baron Clark of Windermere
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marianne_Jelved=Marianne Jelved
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eric_de_Sturler=Eric de Sturler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walter_Bright=Walter Bright
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alvaro_Pascual-Leone=Alvaro Pascual-Leone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gavin_Hewitt=Gavin Hewitt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Vesey-FitzGerald,_2nd_Baron_FitzGerald_and_Vesey=William Vesey-FitzGerald, 2nd Baron FitzGerald and Vesey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Asher_Karni=Asher Karni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bourvil=Bourvil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roy_Meadow=Roy Meadow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giorgi_Tsereteli=Giorgi Tsereteli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joan_Peters=Joan Peters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Malkhaz_Abdushelishvili=Malkhaz Abdushelishvili
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Billingsley=John Billingsley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anthony_Montgomery=Anthony Montgomery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prince_Teimuraz_of_Georgia=Prince Teimuraz of Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Gordon-Lennox,_5th_Duke_of_Richmond=Charles Gordon-Lennox, 5th Duke of Richmond
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_O'Hare=Michael O'Hare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frederic_Goudy=Frederic Goudy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfred_L._Kroeber=Alfred L. Kroeber
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lee_Sa-bi=Lee Sa-bi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aaron_Russo=Aaron Russo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Badnarik=Michael Badnarik
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Ribart=Charles Ribart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lana_Wood=Lana Wood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oscar_Tschirky=Oscar Tschirky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Simon_Plouffe=Simon Plouffe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shadi_Sukiya=Shadi Sukiya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andy_Hertzfeld=Andy Hertzfeld
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Holbrook_Powers=John Holbrook Powers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roy_Crane=Roy Crane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meredith_Willson=Meredith Willson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Evan_James_(poet)=Evan James (poet)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Craig_Bartlett=Craig Bartlett
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jane_Ellen_Harrison=Jane Ellen Harrison
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oliver_Hudson_Kelley=Oliver Hudson Kelley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/L._Patrick_Gray=L. Patrick Gray
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Scarlett=John Scarlett
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_P._Grant=James P. Grant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Saunders_(botanist)=William Saunders (botanist)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francis_Marion_McDowell=Francis Marion McDowell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ralph_Nelson=Ralph Nelson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Trimble=John Trimble
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aaron_B._Grosh=Aaron B. Grosh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_R._Thompson=John R. Thompson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thelma_Todd=Thelma Todd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lowell_Bergman=Lowell Bergman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeffrey_Wigand=Jeffrey Wigand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isabel_Moctezuma=Isabel Moctezuma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Strauss=Peter Strauss
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greg_Mankiw=Greg Mankiw
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_M._Ireland=William M. Ireland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caroline_A._Hall=Caroline A. Hall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brad_Dourif=Brad Dourif
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sosthenes_Behn=Sosthenes Behn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fran_Walsh=Fran Walsh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philippa_Boyens=Philippa Boyens
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orson_Bean=Orson Bean
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacky_Cheung=Jacky Cheung
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roberto_Carlos_(footballer)=Roberto Carlos (footballer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michel_Plancherel=Michel Plancherel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guinn_Smith=Guinn Smith
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joly_Braga_Santos=Joly Braga Santos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack_Wild=Jack Wild
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sid_Krofft=Sid Krofft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Swinhoe=Robert Swinhoe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seen_(artist)=Seen (artist)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/J._H._Prynne=J. H. Prynne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Austin_Dobson=Austin Dobson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Fulford_(croquet_player)=Robert Fulford (croquet player)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrew_Crozier=Andrew Crozier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ossie_Clark=Ossie Clark
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Genpei_Akasegawa=Genpei Akasegawa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walter_Moers=Walter Moers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/J._Lamar_Worzel=J. Lamar Worzel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stanley_Tucci=Stanley Tucci
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dave_Grossman_(game_developer)=Dave Grossman (game developer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abdul_Rahman_Munif=Abdul Rahman Munif
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ken_James_(Australian_actor)=Ken James (Australian actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aryeh_Eldad=Aryeh Eldad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Forbes_(poet)=John Forbes (poet)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/M._King_Hubbert=M. King Hubbert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zhao_Shangzhi=Zhao Shangzhi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Allison_Janney=Allison Janney
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scott_Ritter=Scott Ritter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_Astruc=Jean Astruc
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rod_Milburn=Rod Milburn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scarlett_Pomers=Scarlett Pomers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steve_Purcell=Steve Purcell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bertrada_of_Laon=Bertrada of Laon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Masatoshi_Nagase=Masatoshi Nagase
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nancy_Hower=Nancy Hower
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Takako_Matsu=Takako Matsu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frances_Glessner_Lee=Frances Glessner Lee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guram_Mchedlidze=Guram Mchedlidze
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hans_Eberstark=Hans Eberstark
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Levan_Chilashvili=Levan Chilashvili
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roxann_Dawson=Roxann Dawson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ha_Ji-won=Ha Ji-won
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_de_Beaumont,_4th_Earl_of_Leicester=Robert de Beaumont, 4th Earl of Leicester
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frank_H._Easterbrook=Frank H. Easterbrook
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vincenzo_Coronelli=Vincenzo Coronelli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Hindley=Henry Hindley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Playford=John Playford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_de_Beaumont,_3rd_Earl_of_Leicester=Robert de Beaumont, 3rd Earl of Leicester
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clark_Howard=Clark Howard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jon_Nakamatsu=Jon Nakamatsu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saer_de_Quincy,_1st_Earl_of_Winchester=Saer de Quincy, 1st Earl of Winchester
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cano_Estremera=Cano Estremera
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack_Foley_(sound_effects)=Jack Foley (sound effects)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aled_Jones=Aled Jones
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_Peter_Thunberg=Carl Peter Thunberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alex_North=Alex North
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ron_Gilbert=Ron Gilbert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Lusser=Robert Lusser
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zakhar_Chernyshyov=Zakhar Chernyshyov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diego_Suarez_(garden_designer)=Diego Suarez (garden designer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gaius_Aurelius_Cotta=Gaius Aurelius Cotta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Whistler=John Whistler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mark_Lamarr=Mark Lamarr
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ignaz_Maybaum=Ignaz Maybaum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Colby=William Colby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Claude_Chirac=Claude Chirac
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theodore_Hook=Theodore Hook
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Liston=John Liston
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tikhon_Khrennikov=Tikhon Khrennikov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Bercuson=David Bercuson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Plumptre=Edward Plumptre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ron_Livingston=Ron Livingston
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Chalkhill=John Chalkhill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Chamberlayne_(poet)=William Chamberlayne (poet)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Noel_Edmonds=Noel Edmonds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pinchus_Kremegne=Pinchus Kremegne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Moore_(Louisiana)=John Moore (Louisiana)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Sperling=John Sperling
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Gascoyne-Cecil,_2nd_Marquess_of_Salisbury=James Gascoyne-Cecil, 2nd Marquess of Salisbury
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joe_Melson=Joe Melson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Neihardt=John Neihardt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Larry_Gonick=Larry Gonick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Piper_Perabo=Piper Perabo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Herbert_Czaja=Herbert Czaja
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marc_Bellemare=Marc Bellemare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isao_Yukisada=Isao Yukisada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roger_de_Quincy,_2nd_Earl_of_Winchester=Roger de Quincy, 2nd Earl of Winchester
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hiroyuki_Nakano=Hiroyuki Nakano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arnold_Wesker=Arnold Wesker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Dumas=Charles Dumas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tesfaye_Gebre_Kidan=Tesfaye Gebre Kidan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ahmad_ibn_Rustah=Ahmad ibn Rustah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Walker_(grocer)=John Walker (grocer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fiona_Thornewill=Fiona Thornewill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rick_Swenson=Rick Swenson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doug_Swingley=Doug Swingley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robin_Gray_(Australian_politician)=Robin Gray (Australian politician)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ryuichi_Abe=Ryuichi Abe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_M._Moore=John M. Moore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francis_Blomefield=Francis Blomefield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swampy=Swampy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jotham_of_Judah=Jotham of Judah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lloyd_Cutler=Lloyd Cutler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patricia_Wald=Patricia Wald
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samuel_Hartlib=Samuel Hartlib
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Pilz=Peter Pilz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Douglas_Lilburn=Douglas Lilburn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jane_Elliott=Jane Elliott
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martin_Galway=Martin Galway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ding_Junhui=Ding Junhui
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_de_Chastelain=John de Chastelain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Jewsbury=George Jewsbury
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Angelis=Michael Angelis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frank_Lorenzo=Frank Lorenzo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norman_Bel_Geddes=Norman Bel Geddes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yusuf_al-Qaradawi=Yusuf al-Qaradawi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carmine_Caridi=Carmine Caridi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mark_Burnett=Mark Burnett
http://dbpedia.org/resource/M._M._Kaye=M. M. Kaye
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alyson_Stoner=Alyson Stoner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Crichton-Stuart,_3rd_Marquess_of_Bute=John Crichton-Stuart, 3rd Marquess of Bute
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jehoram_of_Israel=Jehoram of Israel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zurab_Avalishvili=Zurab Avalishvili
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Simon_Janashia=Simon Janashia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Misick=Michael Misick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Satoshi_Kon=Satoshi Kon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shohei_Imamura=Shohei Imamura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Gerhard_Oncken=Johann Gerhard Oncken
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Penny_Marshall=Penny Marshall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christopher_B._Reeves=Christopher B. Reeves
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Red_Jacket=Red Jacket
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Penelope_Rosemont=Penelope Rosemont
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frank_Teschemacher=Frank Teschemacher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giocangga=Giocangga
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Momus_(musician)=Momus (musician)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jesse_Pomeroy=Jesse Pomeroy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Freddie_Prinze,_Jr.=Freddie Prinze, Jr.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mark_Roberts_(streaker)=Mark Roberts (streaker)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gary_LeRoi_Gray=Gary LeRoi Gray
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antje_Vollmer=Antje Vollmer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dudley_North,_4th_Baron_North=Dudley North, 4th Baron North
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roger_North_(biographer)=Roger North (biographer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francis_North,_1st_Baron_Guilford=Francis North, 1st Baron Guilford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dudley_North_(economist)=Dudley North (economist)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anders_Erikson_Sparrman=Anders Erikson Sparrman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sir_John_Child,_1st_Baronet=Sir John Child, 1st Baronet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Josiah_Child=Josiah Child
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jackie_Joyner-Kersee=Jackie Joyner-Kersee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Allan_R._Bomhard=Allan R. Bomhard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/E._D._E._N._Southworth=E. D. E. N. Southworth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lorraine_Heggessey=Lorraine Heggessey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joe_Average=Joe Average
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hannah_More=Hannah More
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierre-Paul_Riquet=Pierre-Paul Riquet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Salmon_(producer)=Peter Salmon (producer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adrian_Carmack=Adrian Carmack
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mal_Young=Mal Young
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phil_Collinson=Phil Collinson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philip_Martin_(pianist)=Philip Martin (pianist)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Franka_Potente=Franka Potente
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ginette_Harrison=Ginette Harrison
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zhang_Zhao=Zhang Zhao
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cao_Zhang=Cao Zhang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Laxer=James Laxer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yuan_Shao=Yuan Shao
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hazen_Argue=Hazen Argue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yan_Liang=Yan Liang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xun_Yu=Xun Yu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chunyu_Qiong=Chunyu Qiong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wen_Chou=Wen Chou
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alan_Yentob=Alan Yentob
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Han_Sui=Han Sui
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lu_Su=Lu Su
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guo_Jia=Guo Jia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ray_Alan=Ray Alan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gordon_MacRae=Gordon MacRae
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Brough=Peter Brough
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Fried=George Fried
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Posidippus=Posidippus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gonzalo_Pizarro=Gonzalo Pizarro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Misha_Mengelberg=Misha Mengelberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Hammond_(producer)=John Hammond (producer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charlie_Bryan=Charlie Bryan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kate_Sheppard=Kate Sheppard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jim_Hodges=Jim Hodges
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mark_Sanford=Mark Sanford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gorch_Fock_(author)=Gorch Fock (author)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Simon_Baker=Simon Baker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Graham,_8th_Duke_of_Montrose=James Graham, 8th Duke of Montrose
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Warren_Spector=Warren Spector
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leonardo_Fea=Leonardo Fea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Bulwer=James Bulwer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_B._Cory=Charles B. Cory
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alessandro_Moreschi=Alessandro Moreschi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Crowley_(CIA)=Robert Crowley (CIA)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bertram_Mills=Bertram Mills
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edgar_Wallace=Edgar Wallace
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Donald_Maclean_(British_politician)=Donald Maclean (British politician)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frederic_Arthur_Kelley=Frederic Arthur Kelley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Goodman_(sound_engineer)=Paul Goodman (sound engineer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ida_Lupino=Ida Lupino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nancy_Walker=Nancy Walker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Julius_Norwich=John Julius Norwich
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hiroshi_Yamauchi=Hiroshi Yamauchi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Linda_Darnell=Linda Darnell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giovanni_Cesari=Giovanni Cesari
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Loel_Guinness=Thomas Loel Guinness
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_O'Neal=Alexander O'Neal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Collyer_brothers=Collyer brothers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Murder_of_Polly_Klaas=Murder of Polly Klaas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Montagu,_1st_Earl_of_Salisbury=William Montagu, 1st Earl of Salisbury
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Murder_of_Megan_Kanka=Murder of Megan Kanka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grete_Waitz=Grete Waitz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Nunn=John Nunn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emanuil_Manolov=Emanuil Manolov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dobri_Hristov=Dobri Hristov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nadezhda_Krupskaya=Nadezhda Krupskaya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Graham_Chambers=John Graham Chambers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joan_Benoit=Joan Benoit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bud_Lee=Bud Lee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lucius_Cornelius_Balbus_(consul)=Lucius Cornelius Balbus (consul)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lucius_Cornelius_Balbus_the_Younger=Lucius Cornelius Balbus the Younger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrea_di_Robilant=Andrea di Robilant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Irving_Thalberg,_Jr.=Irving Thalberg, Jr.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hans-Jochen_Vogel=Hans-Jochen Vogel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charlotte_Lennox=Charlotte Lennox
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philip_Proctor=Philip Proctor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sanjay_Kumar_(business_executive)=Sanjay Kumar (business executive)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mac_McDonald=Mac McDonald
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Jackson_(TV_executive)=Michael Jackson (TV executive)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christopher_Eccleston=Christopher Eccleston
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Wood,_2nd_Earl_of_Halifax=Charles Wood, 2nd Earl of Halifax
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Wood,_3rd_Earl_of_Halifax=Charles Wood, 3rd Earl of Halifax
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eilert_Pilarm=Eilert Pilarm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antonio_Di_Pietro=Antonio Di Pietro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Rittenhouse=David Rittenhouse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Duncan_(accountant)=David Duncan (accountant)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lewis_H._Morgan=Lewis H. Morgan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Hamilton_Gray_(Prince_Edward_Island_politician)=John Hamilton Gray (Prince Edward Island politician)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Floyd_Dominy=Floyd Dominy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sam_Patch=Sam Patch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edwin_R._Thiele=Edwin R. Thiele
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Hall_(director)=Peter Hall (director)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Wang=Charles Wang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean-Marc_Perraud=Jean-Marc Perraud
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrew_Gould=Andrew Gould
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Catherine_Callbeck=Catherine Callbeck
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ebba_Brahe=Ebba Brahe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Claude_Ryan=Claude Ryan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dorothy-Grace_Elder=Dorothy-Grace Elder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Moore,_Baron_Moore_of_Lower_Marsh=John Moore, Baron Moore of Lower Marsh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rhona_Mitra=Rhona Mitra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Jessop=William Jessop
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Moore_(Baptist)=John Moore (Baptist)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daniel_McCallum=Daniel McCallum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Teimour_Radjabov=Teimour Radjabov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Truganini=Truganini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gina_McKee=Gina McKee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ronnie_R._Brown=Ronnie R. Brown
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ronnie_Gaylord=Ronnie Gaylord
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Betsy_Struthers=Betsy Struthers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Austin_(businessman)=James Austin (businessman)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fredrik_Meltzer=Fredrik Meltzer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sholom_Schwartzbard=Sholom Schwartzbard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Sherman=Joseph Sherman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Penn_Kemp=Penn Kemp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stephanie_Bolster=Stephanie Bolster
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marty_Gervais=Marty Gervais
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arnold_Rothstein=Arnold Rothstein
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norman_Thelwell=Norman Thelwell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Bolt=Richard Bolt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dick_Van_Dyke=Dick Van Dyke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Robert_Moore=John Robert Moore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Audrey_Wise=Audrey Wise
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aleksander_Wielopolski=Aleksander Wielopolski
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gina_Kolata=Gina Kolata
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martin_Clunes=Martin Clunes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Derek_Hatton=Derek Hatton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrey_Vyshinsky=Andrey Vyshinsky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kelvin_MacKenzie=Kelvin MacKenzie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Kettley=John Kettley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matthew_Parris=Matthew Parris
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Janet_Street-Porter=Janet Street-Porter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anselm_Strauss=Anselm Strauss
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Moore_(bishop_of_Ely)=John Moore (bishop of Ely)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Shayler=David Shayler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liza_Tarbuck=Liza Tarbuck
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jimmy_Tarbuck=Jimmy Tarbuck
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Moore_(Australian_judge)=John Moore (Australian judge)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Moore_(designer)=John Moore (designer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Daniels=Paul Daniels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madeline_Kahn=Madeline Kahn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quintus_Ligarius=Quintus Ligarius
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfred_A._Knopf,_Sr.=Alfred A. Knopf, Sr.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oliver_Wood_(cinematographer)=Oliver Wood (cinematographer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chris_Roberts_(game_developer)=Chris Roberts (game developer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aaron_Brown_(journalist)=Aaron Brown (journalist)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Juanita_Craft=Juanita Craft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stephen_Poliakoff=Stephen Poliakoff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Whelan_(Canadian_politician)=Edward Whelan (Canadian politician)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrew_Archibald_Macdonald=Andrew Archibald Macdonald
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Morag_Smith=Morag Smith
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Red_Cloud=Red Cloud
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Sanders=George Sanders
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Winner=Michael Winner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cha_Chi_Ming=Cha Chi Ming
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Wenham=David Wenham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ethel_Kennedy=Ethel Kennedy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Wright_(astronomer)=Thomas Wright (astronomer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Earl_of_Powis=Earl of Powis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henk_Rogers=Henk Rogers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chikamatsu_Monzaemon=Chikamatsu Monzaemon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hugh_Lamprey=Hugh Lamprey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bevil_Rudd=Bevil Rudd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Judith_Anderson=Judith Anderson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Lightbody=James Lightbody
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benjamin_Bloom=Benjamin Bloom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caspar_Bartholin_the_Younger=Caspar Bartholin the Younger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/JoAnn_Wilson=JoAnn Wilson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bill_Nighy=Bill Nighy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leo_Smith_(sculptor)=Leo Smith (sculptor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kyle_McCulloch=Kyle McCulloch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christopher_Soames,_Baron_Soames=Christopher Soames, Baron Soames
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adam_Greenfield=Adam Greenfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fernando_Sor=Fernando Sor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Susan_Howatch=Susan Howatch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steve_Squyres=Steve Squyres
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Palmer_(Canadian_politician)=Edward Palmer (Canadian politician)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chris_Taylor_(game_designer)=Chris Taylor (game designer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Valentinus_(Gnostic)=Valentinus (Gnostic)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samuel_Hoar=Samuel Hoar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Coles_(politician)=George Coles (politician)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Basil_Brooke,_1st_Viscount_Brookeborough=Basil Brooke, 1st Viscount Brookeborough
http://dbpedia.org/resource/C._Wright_Mills=C. Wright Mills
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theudebald=Theudebald
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ned_McWherter=Ned McWherter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jonathan_McCully=Jonathan McCully
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guntram=Guntram
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nathaniel_Cook=Nathaniel Cook
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adrien_Arcand=Adrien Arcand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ixtlilxochitl_II=Ixtlilxochitl II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Rassman=James Rassman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thandie_Newton=Thandie Newton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nina_Hagen=Nina Hagen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Theisinger=Peter Theisinger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ronald_Radford=Ronald Radford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nikoloz_Janashia=Nikoloz Janashia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Molaison=Henry Molaison
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sidney_W._Pink=Sidney W. Pink
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Cannon_(socialist)=Joseph Cannon (socialist)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carole_Landis=Carole Landis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xu_Zhimo=Xu Zhimo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edith_Head=Edith Head
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cao_Yu=Cao Yu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Wesley_Hardin=John Wesley Hardin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stuart_Spencer_(political_consultant)=Stuart Spencer (political consultant)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zeno_brothers=Zeno brothers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stephen_I,_Ban_of_Bosnia=Stephen I, Ban of Bosnia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alberta_Watson=Alberta Watson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Sutherland_(author)=John Sutherland (author)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hugh_Sykes_Davies=Hugh Sykes Davies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eric_Laithwaite=Eric Laithwaite
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Georg_Elser=Johann Georg Elser
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ant_&_Dec=Ant & Dec
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Declan_Donnelly=Declan Donnelly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anthony_McPartlin=Anthony McPartlin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Stanley_Gibbons=Edward Stanley Gibbons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Bologna=Joseph Bologna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mary_Kay_Ash=Mary Kay Ash
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francisco_de_Bobadilla=Francisco de Bobadilla
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Helen_Alice_Kinnear=Helen Alice Kinnear
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adelaide_Hoodless=Adelaide Hoodless
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hamish_Henderson=Hamish Henderson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chris_McKinstry=Chris McKinstry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jehoash_of_Judah=Jehoash of Judah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francis_Skinner=Francis Skinner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Earl_of_Rosse=Earl of Rosse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ken_Ogata=Ken Ogata
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ralph_Campbell=Ralph Campbell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_Christian_Rafn=Carl Christian Rafn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Dudeney=Henry Dudeney
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Timothy_Pickering=Timothy Pickering
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Joseph_James_Martin=Paul Joseph James Martin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tenoch=Tenoch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Langdon_(politician)=John Langdon (politician)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gerhard_Fieseler=Gerhard Fieseler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frederick_William_MacMonnies=Frederick William MacMonnies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Josef_Labor=Josef Labor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karisma_Kapoor=Karisma Kapoor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Hyde_Pierce=David Hyde Pierce
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Enzo_Maiorca=Enzo Maiorca
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rasmus_Lerdorf=Rasmus Lerdorf
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Ball_(author)=John Ball (author)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/N._R._Narayana_Murthy=N. R. Narayana Murthy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alvin_Kraenzlein=Alvin Kraenzlein
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dominique,_comte_de_Cassini=Dominique, comte de Cassini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moe_Howard=Moe Howard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hannibal_Gisco=Hannibal Gisco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Publius_Claudius_Pulcher_(consul_249_BC)=Publius Claudius Pulcher (consul 249 BC)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jane_Davidson=Jane Davidson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Burke_(historian)=Peter Burke (historian)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexandre_Luigini=Alexandre Luigini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rick_Adams_(Internet_pioneer)=Rick Adams (Internet pioneer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jonathan_Ive=Jonathan Ive
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jalaleddin_Farsi=Jalaleddin Farsi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ted_Husing=Ted Husing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Euringer=Richard Euringer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Domenico_Salvatori=Domenico Salvatori
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Argentina_(dancer)=La Argentina (dancer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Geoffrey_Studdert_Kennedy=Geoffrey Studdert Kennedy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alberto_de_Angelis=Alberto de Angelis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leander_Starr_Jameson=Leander Starr Jameson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Howard,_6th_Earl_of_Carlisle=George Howard, 6th Earl of Carlisle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nadia_Boulanger=Nadia Boulanger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walter_Perry=Walter Perry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Appel_(businessman)=David Appel (businessman)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heide_Simonis=Heide Simonis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Champ_Clark=Champ Clark
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Darger=Henry Darger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cherry_Wilder=Cherry Wilder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Weiss_Halivni=David Weiss Halivni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Claire_Denis=Claire Denis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Bird_(astronomer)=John Bird (astronomer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pinklon_Thomas=Pinklon Thomas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eric_Liddell=Eric Liddell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Catherine_Baker=Catherine Baker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Vaughn_Young=Robert Vaughn Young
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kaori_Ekuni=Kaori Ekuni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Wood_(composer)=Charles Wood (composer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Dyer=John Dyer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peng_Ming-min=Peng Ming-min
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hu_Shuli=Hu Shuli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Gillies=William Gillies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Estella_Warren=Estella Warren
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shabana_Azmi=Shabana Azmi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ruaraidh_Erskine=Ruaraidh Erskine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kerry_Katona=Kerry Katona
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frank_Marshall_(chess_player)=Frank Marshall (chess player)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mariangelo_Accorso=Mariangelo Accorso
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sam_Spiegel=Sam Spiegel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vito_Genovese=Vito Genovese
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Margaret_Dumont=Margaret Dumont
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_King_(physician)=William King (physician)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Satoshi_Tajiri=Satoshi Tajiri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_King_(governor)=William King (governor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kate_Capshaw=Kate Capshaw
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Timothy_Beaumont,_Baron_Beaumont_of_Whitley=Timothy Beaumont, Baron Beaumont of Whitley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_S._King=William S. King
http://dbpedia.org/resource/R._A._Cross,_1st_Viscount_Cross=R. A. Cross, 1st Viscount Cross
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gary_Bettman=Gary Bettman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dudley_Ryder,_3rd_Earl_of_Harrowby=Dudley Ryder, 3rd Earl of Harrowby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francesco_Landini=Francesco Landini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marvin_Camel=Marvin Camel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jane_Stewart_(politician)=Jane Stewart (politician)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Li_Dazhao=Li Dazhao
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bart_Stupak=Bart Stupak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Djimon_Hounsou=Djimon Hounsou
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samantha_Morton=Samantha Morton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anthony_Van_Egmond=Anthony Van Egmond
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patricia_Clarkson=Patricia Clarkson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jenna_Morasca=Jenna Morasca
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lin_Haiyin=Lin Haiyin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edison_Denisov=Edison Denisov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Maclay_(Pennsylvania_senator)=William Maclay (Pennsylvania senator)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dary_Matera=Dary Matera
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adherbal=Adherbal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gnaeus_Cornelius_Scipio_Asina=Gnaeus Cornelius Scipio Asina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Wriothesley,_3rd_Earl_of_Southampton=Henry Wriothesley, 3rd Earl of Southampton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hartmut_Haenchen=Hartmut Haenchen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Florio=John Florio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gervase_Markham=Gervase Markham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Juliana_Berners=Juliana Berners
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Blades=William Blades
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Willobie=Henry Willobie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Betterton=Thomas Betterton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicholas_Rowe_(writer)=Nicholas Rowe (writer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Noel_Lynch=Noel Lynch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carolyn_Watkinson=Carolyn Watkinson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Mountfort=William Mountfort
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Susanna_Verbruggen=Susanna Verbruggen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anne_Oldfield=Anne Oldfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dietrich_Fischer-Dieskau=Dietrich Fischer-Dieskau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nathan_Drake_(essayist)=Nathan Drake (essayist)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georg_Gottfried_Gervinus=Georg Gottfried Gervinus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Burbage=James Burbage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ibrahim_al-Hamdi=Ibrahim al-Hamdi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frank_Pierson=Frank Pierson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yang_Fujia=Yang Fujia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sir_John_Beaumont,_1st_Baronet=Sir John Beaumont, 1st Baronet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Chalmers_(merchant)=William Chalmers (merchant)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Sandys=George Sandys
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sally_Hamwee,_Baroness_Hamwee=Sally Hamwee, Baroness Hamwee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Victoria_Ruffo=Victoria Ruffo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patrick_Buchan-Hepburn,_1st_Baron_Hailes=Patrick Buchan-Hepburn, 1st Baron Hailes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Graham_Tope,_Baron_Tope=Graham Tope, Baron Tope
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Birt,_Baron_Birt=John Birt, Baron Birt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Biehn=Michael Biehn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mike_Tuffrey=Mike Tuffrey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jennette_Arnold=Jennette Arnold
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Biggs_(politician)=John Biggs (politician)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Seckford=Thomas Seckford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ryo_Kase=Ryo Kase
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Langford=David Langford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arata_Iura=Arata Iura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miwa_Nishikawa=Miwa Nishikawa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Len_Duvall=Len Duvall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joe_Odagiri=Joe Odagiri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toby_Harris,_Baron_Harris_of_Haringey=Toby Harris, Baron Harris of Haringey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patrick_Mphephu=Patrick Mphephu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tony_Arbour=Tony Arbour
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Val_Shawcross=Val Shawcross
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Barnes_(British_politician)=Richard Barnes (British politician)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angie_Bray=Angie Bray
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gerald_Moore=Gerald Moore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roger_Evans=Roger Evans
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brian_Coleman=Brian Coleman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tetsuo_Shinohara=Tetsuo Shinohara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elizabeth_Howlett=Elizabeth Howlett
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yutaka_Abe=Yutaka Abe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ellis_Parker_Butler=Ellis Parker Butler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philip_Harris,_Baron_Harris_of_Peckham=Philip Harris, Baron Harris of Peckham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Sewel,_Baron_Sewel=John Sewel, Baron Sewel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Juzo_Itami=Juzo Itami
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Pilkington,_Baron_Pilkington_of_Oxenford=Peter Pilkington, Baron Pilkington of Oxenford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Basil_Feldman,_Baron_Feldman=Basil Feldman, Baron Feldman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/June_Lloyd,_Baroness_Lloyd_of_Highbury=June Lloyd, Baroness Lloyd of Highbury
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alamgir_Hashmi=Alamgir Hashmi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arthur_Smith_(comedian)=Arthur Smith (comedian)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joyce_Anelay,_Baroness_Anelay_of_St_John's=Joyce Anelay, Baroness Anelay of St John's
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hazel_Byford,_Baroness_Byford=Hazel Byford, Baroness Byford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jill_Knight=Jill Knight
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Janet_Baker=Janet Baker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Goschen,_1st_Viscount_Goschen=George Goschen, 1st Viscount Goschen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Otis_Johnson=Otis Johnson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Clifford,_1st_Baron_Clifford_of_Chudleigh=Thomas Clifford, 1st Baron Clifford of Chudleigh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ivan_Ranger=Ivan Ranger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chris_Rankin=Chris Rankin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bonnie_Wright=Bonnie Wright
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marquis_de_Custine=Marquis de Custine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ronald_Melzack=Ronald Melzack
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diego_Marani=Diego Marani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tokugawa_Ienobu=Tokugawa Ienobu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tokugawa_Ietsugu=Tokugawa Ietsugu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Donald_Keene=Donald Keene
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maeda_Toshinaga=Maeda Toshinaga
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sidney_Gottlieb=Sidney Gottlieb
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tokugawa_Ieharu=Tokugawa Ieharu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack_Thompson_(actor)=Jack Thompson (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tokugawa_Iemochi=Tokugawa Iemochi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tokugawa_Iesada=Tokugawa Iesada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tokugawa_Ienari=Tokugawa Ienari
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tokugawa_Ieshige=Tokugawa Ieshige
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tokugawa_Ietsuna=Tokugawa Ietsuna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Balthasar_Hubmaier=Balthasar Hubmaier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Bracken=John Bracken
http://dbpedia.org/resource/U._G._Krishnamurti=U. G. Krishnamurti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bob_KO_Sweeney=Bob KO Sweeney
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Tower=John Tower
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norman_Smith_(record_producer)=Norman Smith (record producer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christopher_Daniel_Barnes=Christopher Daniel Barnes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kostas_Karyotakis=Kostas Karyotakis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frank_Rizzo=Frank Rizzo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jonathan_Hunt_(New_Zealand_politician)=Jonathan Hunt (New Zealand politician)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fred_Noonan=Fred Noonan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Vranch=Richard Vranch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ethel_Blondin-Andrew=Ethel Blondin-Andrew
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Barton=Richard Barton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nils_Ferlin=Nils Ferlin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Spaeth=Paul Spaeth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Masato_Harada=Masato Harada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Naomi_Kawase=Naomi Kawase
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Teinosuke_Kinugasa=Teinosuke Kinugasa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Calvert_Watkins=Calvert Watkins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jill_Pitkeathley,_Baroness_Pitkeathley=Jill Pitkeathley, Baroness Pitkeathley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tex_G._Hall=Tex G. Hall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Helena_Kennedy,_Baroness_Kennedy_of_The_Shaws=Helena Kennedy, Baroness Kennedy of The Shaws
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barbara_Young,_Baroness_Young_of_Old_Scone=Barbara Young, Baroness Young of Old Scone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walter_Raleigh_(professor)=Walter Raleigh (professor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peta_Buscombe,_Baroness_Buscombe=Peta Buscombe, Baroness Buscombe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glenys_Thornton,_Baroness_Thornton=Glenys Thornton, Baroness Thornton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Susan_Miller,_Baroness_Miller_of_Chilthorne_Domer=Susan Miller, Baroness Miller of Chilthorne Domer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kathleen_Richardson,_Baroness_Richardson_of_Calow=Kathleen Richardson, Baroness Richardson of Calow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diana_Warwick,_Baroness_Warwick_of_Undercliffe=Diana Warwick, Baroness Warwick of Undercliffe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pietro_Locatelli=Pietro Locatelli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vivien_Stern,_Baroness_Stern=Vivien Stern, Baroness Stern
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joan_Hanham,_Baroness_Hanham=Joan Hanham, Baroness Hanham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Usha_Prashar,_Baroness_Prashar=Usha Prashar, Baroness Prashar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rosalind_Howells,_Baroness_Howells_of_St_Davids=Rosalind Howells, Baroness Howells of St Davids
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rheta_Grimsley_Johnson=Rheta Grimsley Johnson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doreen_Massey,_Baroness_Massey_of_Darwen=Doreen Massey, Baroness Massey of Darwen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Audrey_Emerton,_Baroness_Emerton=Audrey Emerton, Baroness Emerton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maria_van_Riebeeck=Maria van Riebeeck
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miep_Gies=Miep Gies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diane_Sawyer=Diane Sawyer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pilgram_Marpeck=Pilgram Marpeck
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sandra_Chapin=Sandra Chapin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joel_Barnett,_Baron_Barnett=Joel Barnett, Baron Barnett
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Biffen=John Biffen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_V._Gazzo=Michael V. Gazzo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leigh_Steinberg=Leigh Steinberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johannes_Ciconia=Johannes Ciconia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mahmoud_Mahmoud_Atta=Mahmoud Mahmoud Atta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samer_Majali=Samer Majali
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antonio_Soler=Antonio Soler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harry_Hawker=Harry Hawker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Li_Hongzhi=Li Hongzhi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phil_Goff=Phil Goff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Blaurock=George Blaurock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eorcenberht_of_Kent=Eorcenberht of Kent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ecgberht_of_Kent=Ecgberht of Kent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vladislaus_III,_Duke_of_Bohemia=Vladislaus III, Duke of Bohemia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steve_Maharey=Steve Maharey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/M._G._Ramachandran=M. G. Ramachandran
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Muhammad_Ismail_Agha=Muhammad Ismail Agha
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hiroshi_Inagaki=Hiroshi Inagaki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colin_Campbell_(lawyer)=Colin Campbell (lawyer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Viscount_Bearsted=Viscount Bearsted
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joe_Klein=Joe Klein
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roger_Mortimer,_2nd_Earl_of_March=Roger Mortimer, 2nd Earl of March
http://dbpedia.org/resource/R._G._Collingwood=R. G. Collingwood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dolfi_Trost=Dolfi Trost
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_W._Yates=Peter W. Yates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mae_Murray=Mae Murray
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don_LaFontaine=Don LaFontaine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carolyn_Leckie=Carolyn Leckie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rosemary_Byrne=Rosemary Byrne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rosie_Kane=Rosie Kane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frances_Curran=Frances Curran
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adolphe_Adam=Adolphe Adam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Strauss_(engineer)=Joseph Strauss (engineer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Josef_Strauss=Josef Strauss
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bill_Aitken_(politician)=Bill Aitken (politician)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bill_Van_Auken=Bill Van Auken
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brian_Adam=Brian Adam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ray_Goulding=Ray Goulding
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Nolan,_Baron_Nolan=Michael Nolan, Baron Nolan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ned_Austin=Ned Austin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierre_Boutroux=Pierre Boutroux
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tomaso_Malvenda=Tomaso Malvenda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maurice_Wilkes=Maurice Wilkes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Condon=Richard Condon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harry_Bensley=Harry Bensley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kay_Petre=Kay Petre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Dawes=David Dawes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madam_C._J._Walker=Madam C. J. Walker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yasmine_Bleeth=Yasmine Bleeth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_R._Bath=James R. Bath
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friedrich_Arnold_Brockhaus=Friedrich Arnold Brockhaus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacques-Pierre_Amette=Jacques-Pierre Amette
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Donnie_Hamzik=Donnie Hamzik
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uzziah=Uzziah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hans_Wegner=Hans Wegner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eugenius_Harvey_Outerbridge=Eugenius Harvey Outerbridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Merian_C._Cooper=Merian C. Cooper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Krista_Sutton=Krista Sutton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Olivia_Harrison=Olivia Harrison
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Archibald_MacLeish=Archibald MacLeish
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marco_Marra=Marco Marra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brian_Behlendorf=Brian Behlendorf
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Mashey=John Mashey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patricia_Field=Patricia Field
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Warren_Weaver=Warren Weaver
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mary_Kay_Bergman=Mary Kay Bergman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Kiyosaki=Robert Kiyosaki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacob_ben_Asher=Jacob ben Asher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bernard_Bosanquet_(philosopher)=Bernard Bosanquet (philosopher)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alice_Herz=Alice Herz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luther_H._Evans=Luther H. Evans
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bob_Richards=Bob Richards
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Janet_Ellis=Janet Ellis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caron_Keating=Caron Keating
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gloria_Hunniford=Gloria Hunniford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gaja_Alaga=Gaja Alaga
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Boyle=Peter Boyle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lauren_Michelle_Hill=Lauren Michelle Hill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beat_Raaflaub=Beat Raaflaub
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marla_Maples=Marla Maples
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Susumu_Terajima=Susumu Terajima
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gaston_Tarry=Gaston Tarry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Masakazu_Katsura=Masakazu Katsura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kamal_Salibi=Kamal Salibi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_de_Gaulle_(born_1948)=Charles de Gaulle (born 1948)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Natascha_McElhone=Natascha McElhone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brian_Leiser=Brian Leiser
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kinuyo_Tanaka=Kinuyo Tanaka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rodolfo_Gambini=Rodolfo Gambini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giovanni_Amelino-Camelia=Giovanni Amelino-Camelia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Timothy_Anglin=Timothy Anglin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jens_Evensen=Jens Evensen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Natalie_Clein=Natalie Clein
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marcus_Chong=Marcus Chong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Egerton_Ryerson=Egerton Ryerson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Morris_Dees=Morris Dees
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marc_Favreau=Marc Favreau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Molly_Yard=Molly Yard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jan_Kochanowski=Jan Kochanowski
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Peel=Thomas Peel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hilda_Hilst=Hilda Hilst
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tang_Ching-sung=Tang Ching-sung
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ernest_Burke=Ernest Burke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pleistoanax=Pleistoanax
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adrianus=Adrianus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sheila_McCarthy=Sheila McCarthy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Bichard,_Baron_Bichard=Michael Bichard, Baron Bichard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alison_Pill=Alison Pill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Orton=George Orton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ted_Horn=Ted Horn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seomoon_Tak=Seomoon Tak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stanley_Ho=Stanley Ho
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ian_Page=Ian Page
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Forrest_Towns=Forrest Towns
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bridget_Driscoll=Bridget Driscoll
http://dbpedia.org/resource/McKeeva_Bush=McKeeva Bush
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bruce_Dinwiddy=Bruce Dinwiddy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rudolf_Abel=Rudolf Abel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bob_Bell_(actor)=Bob Bell (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Blake=George Blake
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martin_Delrio=Martin Delrio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pat_Hingle=Pat Hingle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Melissa_Rivers=Melissa Rivers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edme_Mariotte=Edme Mariotte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Helen_Cresswell=Helen Cresswell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mark_Satin=Mark Satin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Carroll_(barrister)=Charles Carroll (barrister)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stephanie_Birkitt=Stephanie Birkitt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Petrus_Plancius=Petrus Plancius
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tony_Tursi=Tony Tursi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elizabeth_Edwards=Elizabeth Edwards
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xenophon_of_Ephesus=Xenophon of Ephesus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lloyd_Robertson=Lloyd Robertson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rie_Miyazawa=Rie Miyazawa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Michael_McConnell=John Michael McConnell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Austin_Deasy=Austin Deasy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Desmond_FitzGerald_(politician)=Desmond FitzGerald (politician)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gustav_Heinrich_Wiedemann=Gustav Heinrich Wiedemann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jason_Woliner=Jason Woliner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Melchior_Hoffman=Melchior Hoffman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Frank_Stevens=John Frank Stevens
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Erika_Blanc=Erika Blanc
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elizebeth_Friedman=Elizebeth Friedman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ed_Townsend=Ed Townsend
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samuel_K._Skinner=Samuel K. Skinner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sylvia_Kristel=Sylvia Kristel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lucas_van_Leyden=Lucas van Leyden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sebastian_Franck=Sebastian Franck
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Forgy=Charles Forgy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Viktor_Vekselberg=Viktor Vekselberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dee_Hock=Dee Hock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tilda_Swinton=Tilda Swinton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Susan_Kare=Susan Kare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charlotte_Rampling=Charlotte Rampling
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daurene_Lewis=Daurene Lewis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Janet_Lee_Bouvier=Janet Lee Bouvier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luisa_Diogo=Luisa Diogo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bernard_L._Schwartz=Bernard L. Schwartz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steve_Paikin=Steve Paikin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Reid_(Scottish_politician)=George Reid (Scottish politician)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lucy_Terry=Lucy Terry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nigel_de_Longchamps=Nigel de Longchamps
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manfred_Mohr=Manfred Mohr
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Galbraith_Graham=John Galbraith Graham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jason_Dawe_(TV_presenter)=Jason Dawe (TV presenter)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jackson_Scholz=Jackson Scholz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silbannacus=Silbannacus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Edwards_(journalist)=David Edwards (journalist)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sponsianus=Sponsianus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pacatianus=Pacatianus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patty_Stonesifer=Patty Stonesifer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Max_O._Lorenz=Max O. Lorenz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arthur_Greenwood=Arthur Greenwood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vadim_Salmanov=Vadim Salmanov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guy_St-Julien=Guy St-Julien
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prasutagus=Prasutagus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sue_Rodriguez=Sue Rodriguez
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ryan_G._Anderson=Ryan G. Anderson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Therese_Brandl=Therese Brandl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wendy_Crewson=Wendy Crewson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maria_Mandl=Maria Mandl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patrick_McGilligan=Patrick McGilligan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elisabeth_Becker=Elisabeth Becker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abdou_Diouf=Abdou Diouf
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gerda_Steinhoff=Gerda Steinhoff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mickey_Hargitay=Mickey Hargitay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wanda_Klaff=Wanda Klaff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nina_Wang=Nina Wang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ewa_Paradies=Ewa Paradies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jenny-Wanda_Barkmann=Jenny-Wanda Barkmann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Margot_Dreschel=Margot Dreschel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laurance_Safford=Laurance Safford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luis_Maravilla=Luis Maravilla
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frank_Rowlett=Frank Rowlett
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leon_Mandrake=Leon Mandrake
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dominique_Dunne=Dominique Dunne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis-Jodel_Chamblain=Louis-Jodel Chamblain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alice_Parizeau=Alice Parizeau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doreen_Bird=Doreen Bird
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Terence_V._Powderly=Terence V. Powderly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matthew_Kelly=Matthew Kelly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stephen_Baynes=Stephen Baynes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frederick_Ashton=Frederick Ashton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walter_Brennan=Walter Brennan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michel_Fokine=Michel Fokine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Forsythe_(choreographer)=William Forsythe (choreographer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Lisner=Charles Lisner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Albrecht_Bengel=Johann Albrecht Bengel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Jakob_Wettstein=Johann Jakob Wettstein
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_August_Nauck=Johann August Nauck
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Petrus_Hofman_Peerlkamp=Petrus Hofman Peerlkamp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robin_Morgan=Robin Morgan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_Rouch=Jean Rouch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bernhard_Rothmann=Bernhard Rothmann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harold_Bride=Harold Bride
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christian_Jobin=Christian Jobin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wally_Cox=Wally Cox
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrew_Moray=Andrew Moray
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis_W._Tordella=Louis W. Tordella
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Agnes_Meyer_Driscoll=Agnes Meyer Driscoll
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Graeme_Murphy=Graeme Murphy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ally_Sheedy=Ally Sheedy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_DeFrancis=John DeFrancis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jules_Asner=Jules Asner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Boorman=John Boorman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benjamin_Boretz=Benjamin Boretz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yvon_Charbonneau=Yvon Charbonneau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laura_Zapata=Laura Zapata
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Achaeus_of_Eretria=Achaeus of Eretria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patricia_Crowther_(caver)=Patricia Crowther (caver)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marni_Nixon=Marni Nixon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Livio_Berruti=Livio Berruti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Wagner=Robert Wagner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ba_Jin=Ba Jin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Beata_de_Piedrahita=La Beata de Piedrahita
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shen_Congwen=Shen Congwen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wolfgang_Metzger=Wolfgang Metzger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harry_Nelson_Pillsbury=Harry Nelson Pillsbury
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adam_Ingram_(SNP_politician)=Adam Ingram (SNP politician)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anthony_Maglica=Anthony Maglica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mohanlal=Mohanlal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elisha_R._Potter=Elisha R. Potter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elisha_Reynolds_Potter=Elisha Reynolds Potter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Branko_Lustig=Branko Lustig
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Helmut_Willke=Helmut Willke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lawrence_Kasdan=Lawrence Kasdan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ziaelas_of_Bithynia=Ziaelas of Bithynia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daniel_Massey_(manufacturer)=Daniel Massey (manufacturer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Noble=John Noble
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Howard_Ashman=Howard Ashman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_von_Donop=Carl von Donop
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_Skilling=Tom Skilling
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pasquale_Villari=Pasquale Villari
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georgie_Parker=Georgie Parker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lee_Eyerly=Lee Eyerly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Milgaard=David Milgaard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laura_Miller=Laura Miller
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Hodge=Charles Hodge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrzej_Pilipiuk=Andrzej Pilipiuk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/B._B._Warfield=B. B. Warfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Archibald_Alexander_Hodge=Archibald Alexander Hodge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Gresham_Machen=John Gresham Machen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charlotte_Chandler=Charlotte Chandler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gaius_Flaminius_Nepos=Gaius Flaminius Nepos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Annette_Strauss=Annette Strauss
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Prebble=Richard Prebble
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Willie_Sutton=Willie Sutton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sheila_Jackson_Lee=Sheila Jackson Lee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gail_Miller_(murder_victim)=Gail Miller (murder victim)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Erwin_Wilson=Charles Erwin Wilson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Max_Mathews=Max Mathews
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Bowles=Peter Bowles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pyotr_Kafarov=Pyotr Kafarov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cynewulf=Cynewulf
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrew_Faulds=Andrew Faulds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/S._M._Koya=S. M. Koya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jai_Ram_Reddy=Jai Ram Reddy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Cakobau=George Cakobau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Hopkins_(architect)=Michael Hopkins (architect)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_of_Sebaste=Peter of Sebaste
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Catherine_Booth=Catherine Booth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Boardman=Peter Boardman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_Keating=Tom Keating
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Randall_Garrett=Randall Garrett
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Wyse=Thomas Wyse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carlo_Bergonzi=Carlo Bergonzi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Humberto_Nilo=Humberto Nilo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leo_Amery=Leo Amery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patrick_Abercrombie=Patrick Abercrombie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Fernandes=George Fernandes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/K._B._Hedgewar=K. B. Hedgewar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spencer_W._Kimball=Spencer W. Kimball
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rewi_Alley=Rewi Alley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Fielding_Smith=Joseph Fielding Smith
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tiglath-Pileser_II=Tiglath-Pileser II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adam_Hochschild=Adam Hochschild
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adam_Powell_(game_designer)=Adam Powell (game designer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raul_Khajimba=Raul Khajimba
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dan_Barrett_(politician)=Dan Barrett (politician)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clara_Rockmore=Clara Rockmore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis_Auchincloss=Louis Auchincloss
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philander_Claxton=Philander Claxton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oisc_of_Kent=Oisc of Kent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eadric_of_Kent=Eadric of Kent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mul_of_Kent=Mul of Kent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mel_Mermelstein=Mel Mermelstein
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liu_Shan=Liu Shan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dorothy_Buffum_Chandler=Dorothy Buffum Chandler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baine_Kerr=Baine Kerr
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chanakya=Chanakya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trebatius_Testa=Trebatius Testa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marcus_Antistius_Labeo=Marcus Antistius Labeo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cillian_Murphy=Cillian Murphy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfred_Sauvy=Alfred Sauvy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clark_Byers=Clark Byers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Perrette_Pradier=Perrette Pradier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_F._Secchia=Peter F. Secchia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Christian_Hammer=Charles Christian Hammer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Suzanne_Bianchetti=Suzanne Bianchetti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anne_Applebaum=Anne Applebaum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_Carmet=Jean Carmet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/E._Fay_Jones=E. Fay Jones
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charley_Thornton=Charley Thornton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mireille_Hartuch=Mireille Hartuch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adolphine_Fletcher_Terry=Adolphine Fletcher Terry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Robert_Starr=John Robert Starr
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_Sablon=Jean Sablon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dominique_Laffin=Dominique Laffin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harry_Thomason=Harry Thomason
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chester_Lauck=Chester Lauck
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wayland_Holyfield=Wayland Holyfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sarah_Caldwell=Sarah Caldwell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ronnie_Hawkins=Ronnie Hawkins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steve_Stephens=Steve Stephens
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barbara_Hendricks=Barbara Hendricks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gao_Zhan=Gao Zhan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peri_Gilpin=Peri Gilpin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bobby_Shriver=Bobby Shriver
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mark_Shriver=Mark Shriver
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anthony_Shriver=Anthony Shriver
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Timothy_Shriver=Timothy Shriver
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leland_Stanford,_Jr.=Leland Stanford, Jr.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Barsamian=David Barsamian
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Augusta_Leigh=Augusta Leigh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kurt_Hahn=Kurt Hahn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chuck_Bueche=Chuck Bueche
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eqbal_Ahmad=Eqbal Ahmad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maggie_Cassella=Maggie Cassella
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicoletta_Vallorani=Nicoletta Vallorani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Massimo_del_Pizzo=Massimo del Pizzo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alessandro_Defilippi=Alessandro Defilippi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Danilo_Arona=Danilo Arona
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Genovese=Richard Genovese
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barry_Vercoe=Barry Vercoe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_C._Craig=Robert C. Craig
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stuart_Hall_(presenter)=Stuart Hall (presenter)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Viktor_Chernomyrdin=Viktor Chernomyrdin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack_McConnell=Jack McConnell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Egbert_II_of_Kent=Egbert II of Kent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amy_Dillwyn=Amy Dillwyn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guido_Molinari=Guido Molinari
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Archibald_Campbell,_1st_Duke_of_Argyll=Archibald Campbell, 1st Duke of Argyll
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicholas_Longworth=Nicholas Longworth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Campbell,_5th_Duke_of_Argyll=John Campbell, 5th Duke of Argyll
http://dbpedia.org/resource/T._K._Whitaker=T. K. Whitaker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Adrian_Wilson=Edward Adrian Wilson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Djanet_Sears=Djanet Sears
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eileen_Farrell=Eileen Farrell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leonard_Hayflick=Leonard Hayflick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Damian_Lewis=Damian Lewis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charlotte_Dacre=Charlotte Dacre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harriet_Lee=Harriet Lee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iosif_Shklovsky=Iosif Shklovsky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alvin_Curling=Alvin Curling
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leon_J._Davis=Leon J. Davis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jared_Leto=Jared Leto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Claudia_Cohen=Claudia Cohen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martin_Freeman=Martin Freeman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Al_Neuharth=Al Neuharth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_G._Carlisle=John G. Carlisle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ignacije_Szentmartony=Ignacije Szentmartony
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philip_Anschutz=Philip Anschutz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guy_Philippe=Guy Philippe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Laird_Kennedy=Thomas Laird Kennedy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Patrick=Robert Patrick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tammy_Lynn_Michaels=Tammy Lynn Michaels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meg_Greenfield=Meg Greenfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Li_Si=Li Si
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Perry_R._Cook=Perry R. Cook
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xu_Shen=Xu Shen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Duan_Yucai=Duan Yucai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Padmarajan=Padmarajan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Freya_Stark=Freya Stark
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yahoo_Serious=Yahoo Serious
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Juliette_Lewis=Juliette Lewis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_William_Rhys_Davids=Thomas William Rhys Davids
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Melanie_Griffith=Melanie Griffith
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfred_J._Lotka=Alfred J. Lotka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sten_Andersson=Sten Andersson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Earl_Thomson=Earl Thomson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Douglas_Henderson_(SNP_politician)=Douglas Henderson (SNP politician)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bill_Wilson_(Scottish_politician)=Bill Wilson (Scottish politician)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yuji_Ichioka=Yuji Ichioka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierre_Schori=Pierre Schori
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kurt_Jooss=Kurt Jooss
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friedrich_Wilhelm_Raiffeisen=Friedrich Wilhelm Raiffeisen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Natanael_Beskow=Natanael Beskow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Susan_Fleming=Susan Fleming
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fatemeh_Haghighatjoo=Fatemeh Haghighatjoo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maxim_Litvinov=Maxim Litvinov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leonhart_Fuchs=Leonhart Fuchs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrea_Martin=Andrea Martin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Hull=William Hull
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tim_Russert=Tim Russert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johannes_Schmidt_(linguist)=Johannes Schmidt (linguist)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henriette_Wyeth=Henriette Wyeth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexandra_Adler=Alexandra Adler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Sweeney_(labor_leader)=John Sweeney (labor leader)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francis_Biddle=Francis Biddle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alan_Ralsky=Alan Ralsky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_J._Parker=John J. Parker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_Volchkov=Alexander Volchkov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Falco=Robert Falco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gideon_Sa'ar=Gideon Sa'ar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Holroyd=Michael Holroyd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vijay_Anand_(Hindi_film_maker)=Vijay Anand (Hindi film maker)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leslie_Frost=Leslie Frost
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_MacNicol=Peter MacNicol
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_James_Manion=Robert James Manion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maria_Schell=Maria Schell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beornwulf_of_Mercia=Beornwulf of Mercia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Olivier_Le_Jeune=Olivier Le Jeune
http://dbpedia.org/resource/C._L._Schmitt=C. L. Schmitt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maurice_O'Connor_Drury=Maurice O'Connor Drury
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hazel_Carter=Hazel Carter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jason_Biggs=Jason Biggs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kiyoshi_Kawakami=Kiyoshi Kawakami
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Konrad_von_Marburg=Konrad von Marburg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giovanni_Dalmata=Giovanni Dalmata
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pelageya_Polubarinova-Kochina=Pelageya Polubarinova-Kochina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eliezer_Ben-Yehuda=Eliezer Ben-Yehuda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rod_Hull=Rod Hull
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zacharias_Janssen=Zacharias Janssen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mike_Bullard_(comedian)=Mike Bullard (comedian)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grover_Whalen=Grover Whalen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spencer_Kimball_(computer_programmer)=Spencer Kimball (computer programmer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steve_Smith,_Sr.=Steve Smith, Sr.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shohreh_Aghdashloo=Shohreh Aghdashloo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brigitte_Le_Brethon=Brigitte Le Brethon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daniel_Schorr=Daniel Schorr
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eleanor_of_Arborea=Eleanor of Arborea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maria_Malibran=Maria Malibran
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Murray_the_K=Murray the K
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Kay_Ogden=Charles Kay Ogden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lonnie_Frisbee=Lonnie Frisbee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ibrahim_al_Qosi=Ibrahim al Qosi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_DeWitt=Charles DeWitt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Curwen=John Curwen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eqerem_Spahia=Eqerem Spahia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boris_Yakovlevich_Bukreev=Boris Yakovlevich Bukreev
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georg_Curtius=Georg Curtius
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christian_August_Brandis=Christian August Brandis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Newton_Rowell=Newton Rowell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maria_Amalia_of_Naples_and_Sicily=Maria Amalia of Naples and Sicily
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andy_Thompson_(Canadian_politician)=Andy Thompson (Canadian politician)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bob_Avakian=Bob Avakian
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Larry_Grossman_(politician)=Larry Grossman (politician)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Billie_Burke=Billie Burke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Archibald_Campbell,_3rd_Duke_of_Argyll=Archibald Campbell, 3rd Duke of Argyll
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marge_Piercy=Marge Piercy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Florenz_Ziegfeld,_Jr.=Florenz Ziegfeld, Jr.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frank_Welker=Frank Welker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pingali_Venkayya=Pingali Venkayya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis_McLane=Louis McLane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Nixon_(politician)=Robert Nixon (politician)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patrick_Murray_(actor)=Patrick Murray (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maia_Morgenstern=Maia Morgenstern
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Augustus_Robinson=George Augustus Robinson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Immanuel_Nobel=Immanuel Nobel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matthew_Tilghman=Matthew Tilghman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dwain_Chambers=Dwain Chambers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francis_Buckley=Francis Buckley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Peabody=George Peabody
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nazanin_Afshin-Jam=Nazanin Afshin-Jam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stuart_Lyon_Smith=Stuart Lyon Smith
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saskia_van_Uylenburgh=Saskia van Uylenburgh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Wintermeyer=John Wintermeyer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sue_Lawley=Sue Lawley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gertrude_Blanch=Gertrude Blanch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wellington_Hay=Wellington Hay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andy_Hollis=Andy Hollis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/W._E._N._Sinclair=W. E. N. Sinclair
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Tinniswood=Peter Tinniswood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fred_Tuttle=Fred Tuttle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zhang_Jue=Zhang Jue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_Grant_MacKay=Alexander Grant MacKay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harold_Loeffelmacher=Harold Loeffelmacher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jim_Caviezel=Jim Caviezel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Douglas_Moore=Douglas Moore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Saxon_(actor)=John Saxon (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Annette_Stroyberg=Annette Stroyberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Robert_Gray=George Robert Gray
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nathalie_Vadim=Nathalie Vadim
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hassan-i_Sabbah=Hassan-i Sabbah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elbert_Hubbard=Elbert Hubbard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tatum_O'Neal=Tatum O'Neal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Coates_(longevity_claimant)=William Coates (longevity claimant)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albert_Woolson=Albert Woolson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Ellicott_(surveyor)=Joseph Ellicott (surveyor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Show_Aikawa=Show Aikawa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Weston=George Weston
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Makoto_Shinkai=Makoto Shinkai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thom_Filicia=Thom Filicia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ted_Allen=Ted Allen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carson_Kressley=Carson Kressley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kyan_Douglas=Kyan Douglas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jai_Rodriguez=Jai Rodriguez
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andy_Stanfield=Andy Stanfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christian_Campbell=Christian Campbell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gregory_La_Cava=Gregory La Cava
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sisy_Chen=Sisy Chen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Katharine_Gun=Katharine Gun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mark_Tully=Mark Tully
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ransom_E._Olds=Ransom E. Olds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_M._Leland=Henry M. Leland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Irene_Morgan=Irene Morgan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Viktor_Schauberger=Viktor Schauberger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Wright_(historian)=Robert Wright (historian)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack_Davenport=Jack Davenport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Juan_Manuel_de_Rosas=Juan Manuel de Rosas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_W._Rodino=Peter W. Rodino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elizabeth_Monroe=Elizabeth Monroe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Harvey_Kellogg=John Harvey Kellogg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guy_Hamilton=Guy Hamilton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amy_Mizzi=Amy Mizzi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adnan_Gulshair_el_Shukrijumah=Adnan Gulshair el Shukrijumah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Margaret_Bourke-White=Margaret Bourke-White
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gonzalo_Frasca=Gonzalo Frasca
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jerzy_Samp=Jerzy Samp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wawrzyniec_Samp=Wawrzyniec Samp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paulina_Luisi=Paulina Luisi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bernard_T._Feld=Bernard T. Feld
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joyce_Mansour=Joyce Mansour
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bertha_Knight_Landes=Bertha Knight Landes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Proctor_(Salem_witch_trials_victim)=John Proctor (Salem witch trials victim)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luther_Jordan=Luther Jordan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_A._Kelly=James A. Kelly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cal_Cunningham=Cal Cunningham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mark_Spencer_(computer_engineer)=Mark Spencer (computer engineer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Fulco=William Fulco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Anthony_Dondero=George Anthony Dondero
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Proudfoot=William Proudfoot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giovanni_Villani=Giovanni Villani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sam_Keith=Sam Keith
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sam_Kieth=Sam Kieth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hartley_Dewart=Hartley Dewart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eugenia_Smith=Eugenia Smith
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rick_Lazio=Rick Lazio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lindsay_Thompson=Lindsay Thompson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fukumi_Kuroda=Fukumi Kuroda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nobuko_Miyamoto=Nobuko Miyamoto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tsutomu_Yamazaki=Tsutomu Yamazaki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Masahiko_Nagasawa=Masahiko Nagasawa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_Ritter=Carl Ritter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giacomo_Matteotti=Giacomo Matteotti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johannes_Valentinus_Andreae=Johannes Valentinus Andreae
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hossein_Derakhshan=Hossein Derakhshan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Enrique_Amorim=Enrique Amorim
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shankarrao_Chavan=Shankarrao Chavan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rupert_Hamer=Rupert Hamer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Floyd=Edward Floyd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arthur_Greiser=Arthur Greiser
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bulstrode_Whitelocke=Bulstrode Whitelocke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pietro_Frua=Pietro Frua
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Juana_Manuela_Gorriti=Juana Manuela Gorriti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roy_Stryker=Roy Stryker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sean_Bean=Sean Bean
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tan_Dun=Tan Dun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nasri_Shamseddine=Nasri Shamseddine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Perkins_(theologian)=William Perkins (theologian)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Muir_(mathematician)=Thomas Muir (mathematician)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gabriele_Lesser=Gabriele Lesser
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christian_Winther=Christian Winther
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Holger_Drachmann=Holger Drachmann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hannibal_Sehested_(governor)=Hannibal Sehested (governor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Muir_of_Huntershill=Thomas Muir of Huntershill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Mealmaker=George Mealmaker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peder_Griffenfeld=Peder Griffenfeld
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hans_Nansen=Hans Nansen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Gates_(basketball)=William Gates (basketball)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_Charles_Dominique_de_Lacretelle=Jean Charles Dominique de Lacretelle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean-Antoine_Roucher=Jean-Antoine Roucher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Akiba_Rubinstein=Akiba Rubinstein
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierre_Louis_de_Lacretelle=Pierre Louis de Lacretelle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_South=Robert South
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Sherlock=William Sherlock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manuel_Isidoro_Belzu=Manuel Isidoro Belzu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sandra_Diaz-Twine=Sandra Diaz-Twine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Terence_Cooper=Terence Cooper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Ball_(Puritan)=John Ball (Puritan)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Ball_(priest)=John Ball (priest)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Ball_(naturalist)=John Ball (naturalist)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Ball_(pioneer)=John Ball (pioneer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fanny_Brice=Fanny Brice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Les_Merritt=Les Merritt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steve_Troxler=Steve Troxler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mary_Dewson=Mary Dewson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Taylor_(bishop_of_Lincoln)=John Taylor (bishop of Lincoln)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Dalgarno=George Dalgarno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prentis_Cobb_Hale=Prentis Cobb Hale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theodore_Bikel=Theodore Bikel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Danielle_Harris=Danielle Harris
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Estelle_Axton=Estelle Axton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Artemy_Volynsky=Artemy Volynsky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mikhail_Illarionovich_Vorontsov=Mikhail Illarionovich Vorontsov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Taylor_(Baptist_preacher)=John Taylor (Baptist preacher)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anders_Retzius=Anders Retzius
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Taylor_(Taylor_Ham)=John Taylor (Taylor Ham)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mikhail_Petrovich_Bestuzhev-Ryumin=Mikhail Petrovich Bestuzhev-Ryumin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vasily_Lukich_Dolgorukov=Vasily Lukich Dolgorukov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexis_A._Gilliland=Alexis A. Gilliland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_O._Williams=Paul O. Williams
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Taylor_(Master_of_the_Rolls)=John Taylor (Master of the Rolls)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Linda_Hunt=Linda Hunt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caroline_Chisholm=Caroline Chisholm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seth_Schoen=Seth Schoen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Butterfly_McQueen=Butterfly McQueen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Witbrock=Michael Witbrock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Brown_(historian)=Peter Brown (historian)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alan_Dugan=Alan Dugan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peggy_Noonan=Peggy Noonan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michelle_Meyrink=Michelle Meyrink
http://dbpedia.org/resource/T._N._Chaturvedi=T. N. Chaturvedi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sikander_Bakht=Sikander Bakht
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tina_Louise=Tina Louise
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Natalie_Schafer=Natalie Schafer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Noureddine_Morceli=Noureddine Morceli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hicham_El_Guerrouj=Hicham El Guerrouj
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phillip_Hagar_Smith=Phillip Hagar Smith
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lester_Hogan=Lester Hogan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harry_Morgan=Harry Morgan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Warwick_Davis=Warwick Davis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lysias=Lysias
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Demades=Demades
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dinarchus=Dinarchus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Murray_Forbes=John Murray Forbes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Bullock_(collector)=William Bullock (collector)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flavia_Maximiana_Theodora=Flavia Maximiana Theodora
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rosemary_Forbes_Kerry=Rosemary Forbes Kerry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Dillon=John Dillon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Taylor_(filmmaker)=Richard Taylor (filmmaker)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patrick_Volkerding=Patrick Volkerding
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilfred_Backhouse_Alexander=Wilfred Backhouse Alexander
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Collin_Peterson=Collin Peterson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benno_Ohnesorg=Benno Ohnesorg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Morris,_Baron_Morris_of_Aberavon=John Morris, Baron Morris of Aberavon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boris_Rosing=Boris Rosing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patrick_Swayze=Patrick Swayze
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Joseph_Montgomery=John Joseph Montgomery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cecil_Walker=Cecil Walker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ceolred_of_Mercia=Ceolred of Mercia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_M._Kennedy,_Jr.=Edward M. Kennedy, Jr.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aspavarman=Aspavarman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Willy_Millowitsch=Willy Millowitsch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/P._C._Jersild=P. C. Jersild
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrew_L._Harris=Andrew L. Harris
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Snow=Peter Snow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lytle_family=Lytle family
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carlo_Gesualdo=Carlo Gesualdo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edgar_Bronfman,_Jr.=Edgar Bronfman, Jr.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samuel_Liddell_MacGregor_Mathers=Samuel Liddell MacGregor Mathers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joe_Viterelli=Joe Viterelli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Josep_Puig_i_Cadafalch=Josep Puig i Cadafalch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lorenzo_Taezaz=Lorenzo Taezaz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sibel_Kekilli=Sibel Kekilli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dean_Parisot=Dean Parisot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anatoly_Onoprienko=Anatoly Onoprienko
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Genrikh_Yagoda=Genrikh Yagoda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nikolai_Yezhov=Nikolai Yezhov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jarkko_Varvio=Jarkko Varvio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marjorie_Main=Marjorie Main
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_McTaggart=David McTaggart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Petrus_Apianus=Petrus Apianus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hans_Fallada=Hans Fallada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kirk_Kerkorian=Kirk Kerkorian
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexei_Tupolev=Alexei Tupolev
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edwin_Sandys_(bishop)=Edwin Sandys (bishop)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gabriel_Thomson=Gabriel Thomson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miki_Nagasawa=Miki Nagasawa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michiko_Neya=Michiko Neya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kenichi_Suzumura=Kenichi Suzumura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hideo_Ishikawa=Hideo Ishikawa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jim_Sanborn=Jim Sanborn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Akira_Ishida=Akira Ishida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bob_Rickard=Bob Rickard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rika_Komatsu=Rika Komatsu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yuri_Shiratori=Yuri Shiratori
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kazusa_Murai=Kazusa Murai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nathan_Stubblefield=Nathan Stubblefield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Howard,_1st_Baron_Howard_of_Effingham=William Howard, 1st Baron Howard of Effingham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georges_Duhamel=Georges Duhamel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roberto_Gerhard=Roberto Gerhard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_Gilb=Tom Gilb
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roy_H._Park=Roy H. Park
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Lowther,_1st_Viscount_Lonsdale=John Lowther, 1st Viscount Lonsdale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Howard,_1st_Earl_of_Carlisle=Charles Howard, 1st Earl of Carlisle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Howard,_7th_Earl_of_Carlisle=George Howard, 7th Earl of Carlisle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boniface_Alexandre=Boniface Alexandre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adrian_Goldsworthy=Adrian Goldsworthy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Praetorius=Michael Praetorius
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_Frumkin=Alexander Frumkin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anthony_Joseph_Drexel_Biddle,_Sr.=Anthony Joseph Drexel Biddle, Sr.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guntis_Ulmanis=Guntis Ulmanis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Hay,_1st_Earl_of_Carlisle=James Hay, 1st Earl of Carlisle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lucy_Hay,_Countess_of_Carlisle=Lucy Hay, Countess of Carlisle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_Brome=Alexander Brome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Brome=Richard Brome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Phillips=Edward Phillips
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Phillips_(author)=John Phillips (author)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicolae_Titulescu=Nicolae Titulescu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carlos_Alazraqui=Carlos Alazraqui
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wallace_Pratt=Wallace Pratt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fernando_Meirelles=Fernando Meirelles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Darrell_Hammond=Darrell Hammond
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rob_Marshall=Rob Marshall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alberto_Salazar=Alberto Salazar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tony_Kornheiser=Tony Kornheiser
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Russell,_4th_Earl_Russell=John Russell, 4th Earl Russell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rick_Law=Rick Law
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bill_McCollum=Bill McCollum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Ralph_Meredith=William Ralph Meredith
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johannes_Zukertort=Johannes Zukertort
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jonathan_Tunick=Jonathan Tunick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mikhail_Chigorin=Mikhail Chigorin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sherman_Austin=Sherman Austin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacques_Rivette=Jacques Rivette
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Bushnell=David Bushnell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anthony_Minghella=Anthony Minghella
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ward_Bond=Ward Bond
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angus_King=Angus King
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Victoria_Ocampo=Victoria Ocampo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lyn_McLeod=Lyn McLeod
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gil_Gerard=Gil Gerard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Cahill=Joseph Cahill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pamela_Hensley=Pamela Hensley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frank_Moores=Frank Moores
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barrie_M._Osborne=Barrie M. Osborne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chuck_Connors=Chuck Connors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ngila_Dickson=Ngila Dickson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bernardino_Nogara=Bernardino Nogara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Costabile_Farace=Costabile Farace
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ueda_Akinari=Ueda Akinari
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yoji_Yamada=Yoji Yamada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dyveke_Sigbritsdatter=Dyveke Sigbritsdatter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Darrow=Charles Darrow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Claude_Berri=Claude Berri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Moyer=William Moyer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrea_Fischer=Andrea Fischer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mathieu_Kassovitz=Mathieu Kassovitz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilson_Cruz=Wilson Cruz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilmer_Valderrama=Wilmer Valderrama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pei-Yuan_Wei=Pei-Yuan Wei
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cliff_Arquette=Cliff Arquette
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dawid_Janowski=Dawid Janowski
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Julius_Korngold=Julius Korngold
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis_Godin=Louis Godin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_Schlechter=Carl Schlechter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Efim_Bogoljubov=Efim Bogoljubov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vladimir_Akopian=Vladimir Akopian
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matt_Frei=Matt Frei
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Annie_Gosfield=Annie Gosfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daniel_Richler=Daniel Richler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rick_Green=Rick Green
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rafe_Mair=Rafe Mair
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicholas_Parsons=Nicholas Parsons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Seppings=Robert Seppings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sterling_Lyon=Sterling Lyon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_McDonnell=Alexander McDonnell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Rennell=James Rennell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Babbacombe_Lee=John Babbacombe Lee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bernhard_Horwitz=Bernhard Horwitz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carmen_Covito=Carmen Covito
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marmaduke_Wyvill_(chess_player)=Marmaduke Wyvill (chess player)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Atwood=George Atwood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/K._G._George=K. G. George
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bharathan=Bharathan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thilakan=Thilakan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mammootty=Mammootty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Clute=John Clute
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nedumudi_Venu=Nedumudi Venu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mildred_Trouillot=Mildred Trouillot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alvin_Ailey=Alvin Ailey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_of_Champeaux=William of Champeaux
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Denys_Arcand=Denys Arcand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Henry_Fitton=William Henry Fitton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adolphe_d'Archiac=Adolphe d'Archiac
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Augustus_Mongredien=Augustus Mongredien
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Martin_Duncan=Peter Martin Duncan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alberts_Kviesis=Alberts Kviesis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrew_Turnbull,_Baron_Turnbull=Andrew Turnbull, Baron Turnbull
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heinrich_Roth=Heinrich Roth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Warington_Baden-Powell=Warington Baden-Powell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Susan_Tyrrell=Susan Tyrrell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kim_Jae-gyu=Kim Jae-gyu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clorinda_Matto_de_Turner=Clorinda Matto de Turner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tassilo_von_Heydebrand_und_der_Lasa=Tassilo von Heydebrand und der Lasa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_Glazer=Tom Glazer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Burak_Eldem=Burak Eldem
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jie_of_Xia=Jie of Xia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thutmose_I=Thutmose I
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philip_Danforth_Armour=Philip Danforth Armour
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrew_Niccol=Andrew Niccol
http://dbpedia.org/resource/E._Clement_Bethel=E. Clement Bethel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sarah_McLeod=Sarah McLeod
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicolette_Bethel=Nicolette Bethel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bernard_Heuvelmans=Bernard Heuvelmans
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elise_Richter=Elise Richter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Cochrane_(chess_player)=John Cochrane (chess player)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giuseppe_Torelli=Giuseppe Torelli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daniel_J._Boorstin=Daniel J. Boorstin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Randolph_(actor)=John Randolph (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bernhard_Siegfried_Albinus=Bernhard Siegfried Albinus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A._V._Dicey=A. V. Dicey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Frederick_Marter=George Frederick Marter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anders_Heger=Anders Heger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samuel_Boden=Samuel Boden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mir_Sultan_Khan=Mir Sultan Khan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wolfgang_Unzicker=Wolfgang Unzicker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_Zaitsev_(chess_player)=Alexander Zaitsev (chess player)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Savielly_Tartakower=Savielly Tartakower
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eleni_Menegaki=Eleni Menegaki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daniel_Harrwitz=Daniel Harrwitz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frederick_Yates=Frederick Yates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daniel_Yanofsky=Daniel Yanofsky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xu_Jun=Xu Jun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Max_Harmonist=Max Harmonist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marge_Schott=Marge Schott
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_Pelletier=Jean Pelletier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thiruvalluvar=Thiruvalluvar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeanette_MacDonald=Jeanette MacDonald
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giacomo_Antonio_Perti=Giacomo Antonio Perti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ignacy_Domeyko=Ignacy Domeyko
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stacy_Keach=Stacy Keach
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrzej_Frycz_Modrzewski=Andrzej Frycz Modrzewski
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Agnieszka_Holland=Agnieszka Holland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Kingsley_Read=John Kingsley Read
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hilarius_(poet)=Hilarius (poet)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ulf_Andersson=Ulf Andersson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wang_Yung-ching=Wang Yung-ching
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Honor_Blackman=Honor Blackman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liz_McColgan=Liz McColgan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Thomas_Milton_Anderson=James Thomas Milton Anderson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bart_Howard=Bart Howard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Erol_Otus=Erol Otus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christian_Friedrich,_Baron_Stockmar=Christian Friedrich, Baron Stockmar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steve_Benson_(cartoonist)=Steve Benson (cartoonist)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cleopas=Cleopas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abraham_Whipple=Abraham Whipple
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lev_Kopelev=Lev Kopelev
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marshall_Rosenberg=Marshall Rosenberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Freddie_Fu=Freddie Fu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samuel_Reshevsky=Samuel Reshevsky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Rabe=John Rabe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeff_Grubb=Jeff Grubb
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gary_Graham=Gary Graham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Judas_the_Zealot=Judas the Zealot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Honorius_of_Canterbury=Honorius of Canterbury
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heliodorus_of_Emesa=Heliodorus of Emesa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Will_H._Hays=Will H. Hays
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Julia_Thorne=Julia Thorne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chris_Berman=Chris Berman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bernard_Crick=Bernard Crick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wojciech_Frykowski=Wojciech Frykowski
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Li_Qingzhao=Li Qingzhao
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lili_Boulanger=Lili Boulanger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georg_Baselitz=Georg Baselitz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Boardman=John Boardman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nick_Kent=Nick Kent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Conyers=John Conyers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Evans_(producer)=Robert Evans (producer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brian_Fargo=Brian Fargo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rudi_Gernreich=Rudi Gernreich
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Damyan_Velchev=Damyan Velchev
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jon_Snow=Jon Snow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stoyanka_Mutafova=Stoyanka Mutafova
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Max_More=Max More
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henrique_Mecking=Henrique Mecking
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Serafino_Dubois=Serafino Dubois
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Otto_Kaiser_(scholar)=Otto Kaiser (scholar)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arthur_O'Shaughnessy=Arthur O'Shaughnessy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicky_Hilton=Nicky Hilton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Wilding_(actor)=Michael Wilding (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johan_Henrik_Nebelong=Johan Henrik Nebelong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Conrad_Hilton,_Jr.=Conrad Hilton, Jr.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_C._B._Ehringhaus=John C. B. Ehringhaus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clyde_R._Hoey=Clyde R. Hoey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Walter_Bickett=Thomas Walter Bickett
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Armstrong,_Sr.=John Armstrong, Sr.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Walton_Kitchin=William Walton Kitchin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Broadnax_Glenn=Robert Broadnax Glenn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daniel_Lindsay_Russell=Daniel Lindsay Russell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Armstrong,_Jr.=John Armstrong, Jr.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Michael_Holt=Thomas Michael Holt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elias_Carr=Elias Carr
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daniel_Gould_Fowle=Daniel Gould Fowle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tod_Robinson_Caldwell=Tod Robinson Caldwell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Curtis_Hooks_Brogden=Curtis Hooks Brogden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Toole_Clark=Henry Toole Clark
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Willis_Ellis=John Willis Ellis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kurt_Biedenkopf=Kurt Biedenkopf
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gabriel_Holmes=Gabriel Holmes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jesse_Franklin=Jesse Franklin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mary_Ann_Horton=Mary Ann Horton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nathaniel_Alexander_(governor)=Nathaniel Alexander (governor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexandra_Kerry=Alexandra Kerry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Bentinck,_4th_Duke_of_Portland=William Bentinck, 4th Duke of Portland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Burke_(North_Carolina)=Thomas Burke (North Carolina)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Henry_Sleeman=William Henry Sleeman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philip_Meadows_Taylor=Philip Meadows Taylor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Harris_(writer)=John Harris (writer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean-Baptiste_Tavernier=Jean-Baptiste Tavernier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_Emil_Schorske=Carl Emil Schorske
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bernard_Berenson=Bernard Berenson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Galton_Darwin=Charles Galton Darwin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Susie_Bright=Susie Bright
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bubba_the_Love_Sponge=Bubba the Love Sponge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ray_Liotta=Ray Liotta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martin_Buser=Martin Buser
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Graves=Peter Graves
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Stafford,_1st_Earl_of_Wiltshire=John Stafford, 1st Earl of Wiltshire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Stafford,_2nd_Earl_of_Wiltshire=Edward Stafford, 2nd Earl of Wiltshire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Stafford,_1st_Earl_of_Wiltshire=Henry Stafford, 1st Earl of Wiltshire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sumner_Welles=Sumner Welles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miguel_Figueroa=Miguel Figueroa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Honourable_Ve'ehala=Honourable Ve'ehala
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eric_McLuhan=Eric McLuhan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dennis_Fentie=Dennis Fentie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vanessa_Kerry=Vanessa Kerry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wasil_ibn_Ata=Wasil ibn Ata
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Al-Muqanna=Al-Muqanna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mark_Gatiss=Mark Gatiss
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chiune_Sugihara=Chiune Sugihara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rachel_Griffiths=Rachel Griffiths
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Betsy_Ross=Betsy Ross
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baron_Kilbracken=Baron Kilbracken
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean-Pierre_Brard=Jean-Pierre Brard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cyril_Holland=Cyril Holland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/F._E._Smith,_1st_Earl_of_Birkenhead=F. E. Smith, 1st Earl of Birkenhead
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Hooker_(author)=Richard Hooker (author)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Katharine_O'Shea=Katharine O'Shea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brendan_Comiskey=Brendan Comiskey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Erskine_Childers=Robert Erskine Childers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eleanor_Coppola=Eleanor Coppola
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jennie_Bond=Jennie Bond
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Smith_(Cabinet_member)=Robert Smith (Cabinet member)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Hyland=Robert Hyland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grattius=Grattius
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paavo_Susitaival=Paavo Susitaival
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Robinson_(composer)=Thomas Robinson (composer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Max_Klinger=Max Klinger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thea_von_Harbou=Thea von Harbou
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Terence_Frisby=Terence Frisby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frank_Knox=Frank Knox
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brad_Whitford=Brad Whitford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Barton=Robert Barton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bill_Gosper=Bill Gosper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Greenblatt_(programmer)=Richard Greenblatt (programmer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tina_Wesson=Tina Wesson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aga_Khan_IV=Aga Khan IV
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christl_Haas=Christl Haas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Denis_Villeneuve=Denis Villeneuve
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harri_Porten=Harri Porten
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Claude_Jutra=Claude Jutra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francisco_de_Ulloa=Francisco de Ulloa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brent_Scowcroft=Brent Scowcroft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_Strandlund=Carl Strandlund
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kay_Kendall=Kay Kendall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eleanor_Mondale=Eleanor Mondale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Caro=Robert Caro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kate_Wilhelm=Kate Wilhelm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Owens_(merchant)=John Owens (merchant)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keola_Beamer=Keola Beamer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Zappalorti=James Zappalorti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thutmose_II=Thutmose II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Julius_von_Haast=Julius von Haast
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Alexander_(Maryland)=Robert Alexander (Maryland)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Kerr_(athlete)=Robert Kerr (athlete)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ali_ibn_Sahl_Rabban_al-Tabari=Ali ibn Sahl Rabban al-Tabari
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_Duff=Tom Duff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ulrika_Jonsson=Ulrika Jonsson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Gambier_Parry=Thomas Gambier Parry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Romina_Johnson=Romina Johnson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_Anderson_(singer)=Carl Anderson (singer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Linda_Bove=Linda Bove
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Freelance_Hellraiser=The Freelance Hellraiser
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Caesar_Childers=Robert Caesar Childers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Blades=James Blades
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wolfgang_Drechsler=Wolfgang Drechsler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jon_Lovitz=Jon Lovitz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hans_Corell=Hans Corell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierre_Eugene_du_Simitiere=Pierre Eugene du Simitiere
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cunobeline=Cunobeline
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeffrey_Combs=Jeffrey Combs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lowell_P._Weicker,_Jr.=Lowell P. Weicker, Jr.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Danny_Baker=Danny Baker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baron_Somerleyton=Baron Somerleyton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ardwight_Chamberlain=Ardwight Chamberlain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yuji_Hayami=Yuji Hayami
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Unno_Juza=Unno Juza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vittorio_Catani=Vittorio Catani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Massimo_Lo_Jacono=Massimo Lo Jacono
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jonah_Goldberg=Jonah Goldberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ken_Forbus=Ken Forbus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Wilkins=Charles Wilkins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nancy_Meyers=Nancy Meyers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Charles_Winthrop=Robert Charles Winthrop
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Collin_d'Harleville=Collin d'Harleville
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Leslie_(TV_presenter)=John Leslie (TV presenter)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Jacob_Alexander=Paul Jacob Alexander
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Thornton_(jockey)=Robert Thornton (jockey)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_L._Thornton=Robert L. Thornton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christopher_Condent=Christopher Condent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luis_Villalta=Luis Villalta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nancy_Harkness_Love=Nancy Harkness Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Markowitz=William Markowitz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cecil_Sharp=Cecil Sharp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eenasul_Fateh=Eenasul Fateh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gerasim_Izmailov=Gerasim Izmailov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Wade=Henry Wade
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keith_Rowe=Keith Rowe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Motley_Morehead_II=John Motley Morehead II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Jarvis=Thomas Jarvis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daniel_Moore_(poet)=Daniel Moore (poet)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_Diem=Carl Diem
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dale_Evans=Dale Evans
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Fox_(producer)=William Fox (producer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kim_Jong-nam=Kim Jong-nam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis_Slotin=Louis Slotin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Franz_Simandl=Franz Simandl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barry_Green=Barry Green
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rodney_Slatford=Rodney Slatford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Viktor_Khristenko=Viktor Khristenko
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michel_Camdessus=Michel Camdessus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karen_Allen=Karen Allen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Camille_Gutt=Camille Gutt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ivar_Rooth=Ivar Rooth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elisabeth_Shue=Elisabeth Shue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierre-Paul_Schweitzer=Pierre-Paul Schweitzer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Per_Jacobsson=Per Jacobsson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ketan_Mehta=Ketan Mehta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stephen_K._Hayes=Stephen K. Hayes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kim_Jong-chul_(poet)=Kim Jong-chul (poet)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Margaret_Floy_Washburn=Margaret Floy Washburn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_C._Hoagland=Richard C. Hoagland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Bolte=Henry Bolte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philippe-Antoine_Merlin_de_Douai=Philippe-Antoine Merlin de Douai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antoine_Christophe_Merlin=Antoine Christophe Merlin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jay_Norwood_Darling=Jay Norwood Darling
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Otto_Fetting=Otto Fetting
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Casimir_Delavigne=Casimir Delavigne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/W._A._Draves=W. A. Draves
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keith_Goh=Keith Goh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antoine-Marin_Lemierre=Antoine-Marin Lemierre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Victor_Ciorbea=Victor Ciorbea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jake_Gyllenhaal=Jake Gyllenhaal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Batteux=Charles Batteux
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mary_McDonnell=Mary McDonnell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Melchior_de_Polignac=Melchior de Polignac
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joan_Allen=Joan Allen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cornelius_Bumpus=Cornelius Bumpus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amber_Tamblyn=Amber Tamblyn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ivan_Rybkin=Ivan Rybkin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maurice_Spector=Maurice Spector
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Willard_Scott=Willard Scott
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hans_Sachs=Hans Sachs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Newton_D._Baker=Newton D. Baker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack_Haley=Jack Haley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rip_Torn=Rip Torn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angela_Bassett=Angela Bassett
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Picardo=Robert Picardo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_W._Ellsworth=William W. Ellsworth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Julia_Stiles=Julia Stiles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alois_Negrelli=Alois Negrelli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yolanda_%22Tongolele%22_Montes=Yolanda "Tongolele" Montes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Rusnak=John Rusnak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harry_Graham_(poet)=Harry Graham (poet)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fred_F._Steen,_II=Fred F. Steen, II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jukka_Paarma=Jukka Paarma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moshe_Greenberg=Moshe Greenberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cuthred_of_Kent=Cuthred of Kent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Hoyle_(performance_artist)=David Hoyle (performance artist)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eric_Reeves=Eric Reeves
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Weinstein_(musician)=David Weinstein (musician)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_H._Kerr=John H. Kerr
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sanford_I._Weill=Sanford I. Weill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Evaristo_Felice_Dall'Abaco=Evaristo Felice Dall'Abaco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pappus_of_Alexandria=Pappus of Alexandria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francisco_de_Montejo=Francisco de Montejo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Franco_Petracchi=Franco Petracchi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Justin_Raimondo=Justin Raimondo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Mauldin_(producer)=Michael Mauldin (producer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Waldemar_Bonsels=Waldemar Bonsels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mike_Dugas=Mike Dugas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marc_Shaiman=Marc Shaiman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jim_Douglas=Jim Douglas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ernst_Busch_(actor)=Ernst Busch (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roy_Hofheinz=Roy Hofheinz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sanjeev_Kumar=Sanjeev Kumar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hayden_Panettiere=Hayden Panettiere
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_III_Comyn,_Lord_of_Badenoch=John III Comyn, Lord of Badenoch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean-Baptiste-Louis_Gresset=Jean-Baptiste-Louis Gresset
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ed_Logg=Ed Logg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lyle_Rains=Lyle Rains
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean-Sifrein_Maury=Jean-Sifrein Maury
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marco_Masini=Marco Masini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chic_Young=Chic Young
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ken_Kutaragi=Ken Kutaragi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jenny_Jones_(presenter)=Jenny Jones (presenter)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walter_Tewksbury=Walter Tewksbury
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Allen_Woodring=Allen Woodring
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis_Le_Vau=Louis Le Vau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ernst_von_Salomon=Ernst von Salomon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tench_Tilghman=Tench Tilghman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gerhard_Ludwig=Gerhard Ludwig
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfred_Mond,_1st_Baron_Melchett=Alfred Mond, 1st Baron Melchett
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yoshiro_Nakamatsu=Yoshiro Nakamatsu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wolfgang_Schirmacher=Wolfgang Schirmacher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guy_Mountfort=Guy Mountfort
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yolande_Thibeault=Yolande Thibeault
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tommy_Burks=Tommy Burks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sydney_Schanberg=Sydney Schanberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bernard_Tucker=Bernard Tucker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kirk_Johnson=Kirk Johnson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Solomon_kaDinuzulu=Solomon kaDinuzulu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cyprian_Bhekuzulu_kaSolomon=Cyprian Bhekuzulu kaSolomon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/P._N._Menon_(director)=P. N. Menon (director)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Epeli_Ganilau=Epeli Ganilau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Kelly=Henry Kelly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Gambaccini=Paul Gambaccini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nikos_Skalkottas=Nikos Skalkottas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maya_Rudolph=Maya Rudolph
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tooker_Gomberg=Tooker Gomberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Lepage=Robert Lepage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sunny_Murray=Sunny Murray
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Howard_Kazanjian=Howard Kazanjian
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Henry_Williams_(baseball)=John Henry Williams (baseball)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philippa_Forrester=Philippa Forrester
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nabis=Nabis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Herb_Stempel=Herb Stempel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deborah_Spungen=Deborah Spungen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_Erdman=Jean Erdman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_McCarthy_(journalist)=John McCarthy (journalist)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gerrit_P._Judd=Gerrit P. Judd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matthew_H._Carpenter=Matthew H. Carpenter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raymond_Radiguet=Raymond Radiguet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kawaipuna_Prejean=Kawaipuna Prejean
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lacey_Chabert=Lacey Chabert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ibn_Juzayy=Ibn Juzayy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matthew_Fox=Matthew Fox
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Overy=Richard Overy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scott_Wolf=Scott Wolf
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeremy_London=Jeremy London
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Justus_Perthes=Justus Perthes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bertram_Turetzky=Bertram Turetzky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bill_Emmott=Bill Emmott
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lakshmi_Mittal=Lakshmi Mittal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Ripley=Robert Ripley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carlos_Mastronardi=Carlos Mastronardi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Faustina_the_Elder=Faustina the Elder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raymond_Sabouraud=Raymond Sabouraud
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lance_Acord=Lance Acord
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Margaret_J._Winkler=Margaret J. Winkler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean-Pierre_Kingsley=Jean-Pierre Kingsley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tetricus_I=Tetricus I
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clyde_Stubblefield=Clyde Stubblefield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friedrich_Kasiski=Friedrich Kasiski
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Billy_Price_(singer)=Billy Price (singer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeremy_Northam=Jeremy Northam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Almanzor=Almanzor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Wilson_(U.S._politician)=James Wilson (U.S. politician)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Wilson_(Irish_nationalist)=James Wilson (Irish nationalist)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bodil_Malmsten=Bodil Malmsten
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cristian_Vasile=Cristian Vasile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tim_Minear=Tim Minear
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Henry_Blackburne=Joseph Henry Blackburne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alan_Berg=Alan Berg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Wilson_(revolutionary)=James Wilson (revolutionary)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chico_MacMurtrie=Chico MacMurtrie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Irving_Janis=Irving Janis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bob_Lazar=Bob Lazar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Courtney_Solomon=Courtney Solomon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Amirkhanian=Charles Amirkhanian
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lais_of_Corinth=Lais of Corinth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/W._Thomas_Smith,_Jr.=W. Thomas Smith, Jr.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Werner_Finck=Werner Finck
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Senzangakhona_kaJama=Senzangakhona kaJama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manu_Herbstein=Manu Herbstein
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Whittemore=Edward Whittemore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Graham_(clockmaker)=George Graham (clockmaker)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guy_Paul_Morin=Guy Paul Morin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emma_Verona_Johnston=Emma Verona Johnston
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arthur_Martin-Leake=Arthur Martin-Leake
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zulu_kaMalandela=Zulu kaMalandela
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jama_kaNdaba=Jama kaNdaba
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Henry_Thomas=James Henry Thomas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baron_Rothschild=Baron Rothschild
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heather_Couper=Heather Couper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giovanni_Battista_Moroni=Giovanni Battista Moroni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jana_Sterbak=Jana Sterbak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Watseka=Watseka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Margaret_Burbidge=Margaret Burbidge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Erik_Gustaf_Geijer=Erik Gustaf Geijer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_E._Merrill=Charles E. Merrill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heino_Heinrich_Graf_von_Flemming=Heino Heinrich Graf von Flemming
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_of_Austria=John of Austria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Maddicott=John Maddicott
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caroline_Aherne=Caroline Aherne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Izalene_Tiene=Izalene Tiene
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pope_Theophilus_of_Alexandria=Pope Theophilus of Alexandria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Betty_Ong=Betty Ong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Huell_Howser=Huell Howser
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_O'Grady=Paul O'Grady
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frederick_Smith,_2nd_Earl_of_Birkenhead=Frederick Smith, 2nd Earl of Birkenhead
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Kreuser=James Kreuser
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yuri_Yankelevich=Yuri Yankelevich
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ahmed_Adaweyah=Ahmed Adaweyah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ahmed_Rashid=Ahmed Rashid
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Begala=Paul Begala
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elliott_Roosevelt=Elliott Roosevelt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Beatty=Robert Beatty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leonard_Darwin=Leonard Darwin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Herbert_Danby=Herbert Danby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kerry_Jones=Kerry Jones
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benjamin_Goodrich=Benjamin Goodrich
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aristides_de_Sousa_Mendes=Aristides de Sousa Mendes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Howell=James Howell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rajkumar_(actor)=Rajkumar (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Noel_Ahipeaud=Noel Ahipeaud
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis_Segond=Louis Segond
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Warren_H._Wagner=Warren H. Wagner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orson_Squire_Fowler=Orson Squire Fowler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jesse_James_(customizer)=Jesse James (customizer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Lee_Knous=William Lee Knous
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heinrich_von_Stephan=Heinrich von Stephan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laura_Pausini=Laura Pausini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tony_Soprano=Tony Soprano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eddie_%22The_Eagle%22_Edwards=Eddie "The Eagle" Edwards
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Judith_Miller=Judith Miller
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Bichsel=Peter Bichsel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Cureton=William Cureton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tomokazu_Seki=Tomokazu Seki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Klausner=Joseph Klausner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Murray_Anderson=David Murray Anderson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cassandra_Wilson=Cassandra Wilson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parson_Weems=Parson Weems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dmitry_Bogrov=Dmitry Bogrov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carolina_Maria_de_Jesus=Carolina Maria de Jesus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Myron_Waldman=Myron Waldman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I._A._L._Diamond=I. A. L. Diamond
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Pastorelli=Robert Pastorelli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Timothy_Bloodworth=Timothy Bloodworth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francis_Locke=Francis Locke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Strange=Robert Strange
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Willie_Person_Mangum=Willie Person Mangum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Henry_Haywood,_Jr.=William Henry Haywood, Jr.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chung_Ju-yung=Chung Ju-yung
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Edmund_Badger=George Edmund Badger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Asa_Biggs=Asa Biggs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Carter_Abbott=Joseph Carter Abbott
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Furnifold_McLendel_Simmons=Furnifold McLendel Simmons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sitiveni_Rabuka=Sitiveni Rabuka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chuck_Collins=Chuck Collins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Augustus_Summerfield_Merrimon=Augustus Summerfield Merrimon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Pool=John Pool
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeter_Connelly_Pritchard=Jeter Connelly Pritchard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cameron_A._Morrison=Cameron A. Morrison
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cecily_Adams=Cecily Adams
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Berta_Lutz=Berta Lutz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dave_Lebling=Dave Lebling
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jim_Broyhill=Jim Broyhill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jan_Miner=Jan Miner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_Hicks=Tom Hicks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scott_Walker_(boxer)=Scott Walker (boxer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/O._W._Fischer=O. W. Fischer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mary-Ellis_Bunim=Mary-Ellis Bunim
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shawn_Colvin=Shawn Colvin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don_Cornell=Don Cornell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Motley_Morehead_III=John Motley Morehead III
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oren_E._Long=Oren E. Long
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis-Olivier_Taillon=Louis-Olivier Taillon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Humphrey_T._Walwyn=Humphrey T. Walwyn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gordon_Macdonald,_1st_Baron_Macdonald_of_Gwaenysgor=Gordon Macdonald, 1st Baron Macdonald of Gwaenysgor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Jones_Ross=John Jones Ross
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph-Alfred_Mousseau=Joseph-Alfred Mousseau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tatiana_Nikolayeva=Tatiana Nikolayeva
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alan_Ladd=Alan Ladd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Siegbert_Tarrasch=Siegbert Tarrasch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Wilson_(composer)=James Wilson (composer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Weinandy=Thomas Weinandy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Robert_Wilson=James Robert Wilson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Finn=William Finn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nate_Richert=Nate Richert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Fowler,_1st_Viscount_Wolverhampton=Henry Fowler, 1st Viscount Wolverhampton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sebastian_Cabot_(explorer)=Sebastian Cabot (explorer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monia_Mazigh=Monia Mazigh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Cornysh=William Cornysh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alain_Glavieux=Alain Glavieux
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Claude_Berrou=Claude Berrou
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vsevolod_Pudovkin=Vsevolod Pudovkin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harry_Helmsley=Harry Helmsley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michelle_Malkin=Michelle Malkin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philip_Sheppard=Philip Sheppard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ken_Clark_(actor)=Ken Clark (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hikaru_Midorikawa=Hikaru Midorikawa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arthur_Zimmermann=Arthur Zimmermann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brian_Gibson_(director)=Brian Gibson (director)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ying_Chen_(writer)=Ying Chen (writer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ellis_O._Knox=Ellis O. Knox
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Katharina_von_Bora=Katharina von Bora
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierre_Baillot=Pierre Baillot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sonny_Chillingworth=Sonny Chillingworth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guru_Gobind_Singh=Guru Gobind Singh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph-Armand_Bombardier=Joseph-Armand Bombardier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guru_Angad=Guru Angad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeff_Hyslop=Jeff Hyslop
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tomoko_Kawakami=Tomoko Kawakami
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Herbert_Samuel,_1st_Viscount_Samuel=Herbert Samuel, 1st Viscount Samuel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adam_de_la_Halle=Adam de la Halle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jennifer_Hudson=Jennifer Hudson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Galusha_A._Grow=Galusha A. Grow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ray_Stark=Ray Stark
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sam_Dolgoff=Sam Dolgoff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack_Smith_(Hotmail)=Jack Smith (Hotmail)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Helmut_Hirsch=Helmut Hirsch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Dodd_(ambassador)=William Dodd (ambassador)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Surdas=Surdas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tulsidas=Tulsidas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Guy_(governor)=John Guy (governor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Mason_(governor)=John Mason (governor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yori_Boy_Campas=Yori Boy Campas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Tenzer=Michael Tenzer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harry_Austryn_Wolfson=Harry Austryn Wolfson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moshe_Mordechai_Epstein=Moshe Mordechai Epstein
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Gouin=Paul Gouin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Julia_Gillard=Julia Gillard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Dickinson_(inventor)=John Dickinson (inventor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Dickinson_(Pennsylvania_and_Delaware)=John Dickinson (Pennsylvania and Delaware)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joshua_Muravchik=Joshua Muravchik
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hans_Peter_Keller=Hans Peter Keller
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kathy_Bates=Kathy Bates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theodor_Molien=Theodor Molien
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friedrich_Amelung=Friedrich Amelung
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harold_Robert_Steacy=Harold Robert Steacy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reg_Prentice=Reg Prentice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benjamin_F._Grady=Benjamin F. Grady
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Charles_Wilson=James Charles Wilson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clement_Davies=Clement Davies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Howard_Phillips_(politician)=Howard Phillips (politician)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Merle_Boucher=Merle Boucher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isaac_Komnenos_of_Cyprus=Isaac Komnenos of Cyprus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_Godfrey=Alexander Godfrey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Adamson=William Adamson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_A._Dodge=David A. Dodge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wolfgang_Franz_von_Kobell=Wolfgang Franz von Kobell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gordon_Thiessen=Gordon Thiessen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Crow=John Crow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gerald_Bouey=Gerald Bouey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis_Rasminsky=Louis Rasminsky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Coyne=James Coyne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Perry_(game_developer)=David Perry (game developer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hugh_Loebner=Hugh Loebner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Graham_Towers=Graham Towers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Margaret_Hendrie=Margaret Hendrie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Victor_Davis=Victor Davis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miyuu_Sawai=Miyuu Sawai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rika_Izumi=Rika Izumi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/J._M._Andrews=J. M. Andrews
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steve_Harris_(actor)=Steve Harris (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hoyt_Vandenberg=Hoyt Vandenberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norman_Porteous=Norman Porteous
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Hayman=Robert Hayman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Whitbourne=Richard Whitbourne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Willie_Brown_(politician)=Willie Brown (politician)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francis_Chichester=Francis Chichester
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hugh_John_Macdonald=Hugh John Macdonald
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lyn_Harding=Lyn Harding
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Garfield_Gardiner=James Garfield Gardiner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A._Mitchell_Palmer=A. Mitchell Palmer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sergei_Stepashin=Sergei Stepashin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gary_Hamel=Gary Hamel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yevgeny_Primakov=Yevgeny Primakov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Erie_Poor=Edward Erie Poor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Avery_Dunning=Charles Avery Dunning
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ann_Sheridan=Ann Sheridan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Melville_Martin=William Melville Martin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Betty_Field=Betty Field
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abe_Vigoda=Abe Vigoda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guru_Granth_Sahib=Guru Granth Sahib
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stuyvesant_Fish=Stuyvesant Fish
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Stout=Robert Stout
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ann_Sothern=Ann Sothern
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guru_Amar_Das=Guru Amar Das
http://dbpedia.org/resource/August_Belmont,_Jr.=August Belmont, Jr.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don_Ameche=Don Ameche
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ralph_Bellamy=Ralph Bellamy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Napoleon_Chagnon=Napoleon Chagnon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joe_Satrom=Joe Satrom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harry_Kalas=Harry Kalas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mark_Crispin=Mark Crispin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harry_Hopkins=Harry Hopkins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rein_Taagepera=Rein Taagepera
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sue_Ellicott=Sue Ellicott
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jon_Erpenbach=Jon Erpenbach
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Beaudine=William Beaudine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caresse_Crosby=Caresse Crosby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mark_McClellan=Mark McClellan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dave_Hansen=Dave Hansen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monica_Dacon=Monica Dacon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Antrobus=Charles Antrobus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hank_Hanegraaff=Hank Hanegraaff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abiezer_Coppe=Abiezer Coppe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierre_Clostermann=Pierre Clostermann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paula_Zahn=Paula Zahn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Erwin_Stresemann=Erwin Stresemann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Judy_Finnigan=Judy Finnigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Madeley=Richard Madeley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Rocket=Charles Rocket
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Debito_Arudou=Debito Arudou
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edie_Sedgwick=Edie Sedgwick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uwe_Johnson=Uwe Johnson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cloris_Leachman=Cloris Leachman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfred_Wallis=Alfred Wallis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Alexander_Murray=James Alexander Murray
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Boyle_Uniacke=James Boyle Uniacke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eligiusz_Niewiadomski=Eligiusz Niewiadomski
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ronald_Powell=Ronald Powell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emily_Watson=Emily Watson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kristin_Scott_Thomas=Kristin Scott Thomas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scott_Hudson_(electrical_engineer)=Scott Hudson (electrical engineer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gordon_Arnold=Gordon Arnold
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Floyd_Red_Crow_Westerman=Floyd Red Crow Westerman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Creel=George Creel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jim_Ede=Jim Ede
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kathy_Wilkes=Kathy Wilkes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_J._Nelson=Michael J. Nelson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_F._Kennedy,_Jr.=Robert F. Kennedy, Jr.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Preston_(actor)=Robert Preston (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lauren_Lee_Smith=Lauren Lee Smith
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joel_Hodgson=Joel Hodgson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Susan_Powter=Susan Powter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Cimino=Michael Cimino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dahir_Riyale_Kahin=Dahir Riyale Kahin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sergio_Ortega=Sergio Ortega
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Donald_Shiley=Donald Shiley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gretchen_Mol=Gretchen Mol
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guan_Ping=Guan Ping
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Forsyth_(Georgia)=John Forsyth (Georgia)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Itzik_Feffer=Itzik Feffer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jamelia=Jamelia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis_Wade_Sullivan=Louis Wade Sullivan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kevin_Phillips_(political_commentator)=Kevin Phillips (political commentator)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Cay_Johnston=David Cay Johnston
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kathleen_Robertson=Kathleen Robertson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edgar_Dewdney=Edgar Dewdney
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shere_Khan=Shere Khan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michel_Gondry=Michel Gondry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mei_Yaochen=Mei Yaochen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michel_Vennat=Michel Vennat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_D._Orr=Robert D. Orr
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_O._Husting=Paul O. Husting
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eleonora_Duse=Eleonora Duse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_P._Kennedy_II=Joseph P. Kennedy II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kanye_West=Kanye West
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_LeMoyne_Kennedy=Michael LeMoyne Kennedy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ouyang_Xiu=Ouyang Xiu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rory_Kennedy=Rory Kennedy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sian_Williams=Sian Williams
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raphael_Sobiehrd-Mnishovsky=Raphael Sobiehrd-Mnishovsky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacobus_Sinapius=Jacobus Sinapius
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Fox_Bennett=Charles Fox Bennett
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Percy_Kilbride=Percy Kilbride
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lisa_Stansfield=Lisa Stansfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dot_Wilkinson=Dot Wilkinson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nigel_Bruce=Nigel Bruce
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tupeni_Baba=Tupeni Baba
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brigid_Berlin=Brigid Berlin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Catherine_Ashton=Catherine Ashton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Madejski=John Madejski
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alasdair_Morgan=Alasdair Morgan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Acco=Acco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benjamin_Baillaud=Benjamin Baillaud
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Simon_Favart=Charles Simon Favart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_McLetchie=David McLetchie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Najib_Razak=Najib Razak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yamamoto_Tsunetomo=Yamamoto Tsunetomo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Plaskett=James Plaskett
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kemal_Sunal=Kemal Sunal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_A._Johnson_(politics)=James A. Johnson (politics)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Bianconi=Charles Bianconi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mitsuru_Yoshida=Mitsuru Yoshida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gustave_Charpentier=Gustave Charpentier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sherrill_Milnes=Sherrill Milnes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georges_Couthon=Georges Couthon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patrick_Neill,_Baron_Neill_of_Bladen=Patrick Neill, Baron Neill of Bladen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jim_Wallace,_Baron_Wallace_of_Tankerness=Jim Wallace, Baron Wallace of Tankerness
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hector_Monro,_Baron_Monro_of_Langholm=Hector Monro, Baron Monro of Langholm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mark_Catesby=Mark Catesby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ken_Boshcoff=Ken Boshcoff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Terence_Thomas,_Baron_Thomas_of_Macclesfield=Terence Thomas, Baron Thomas of Macclesfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Simpson,_Baron_Simpson_of_Dunkeld=George Simpson, Baron Simpson of Dunkeld
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brit_Hume=Brit Hume
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lynn_Peterson=Lynn Peterson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harry_Furniss=Harry Furniss
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wes_Anderson=Wes Anderson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maurice_Loewy=Maurice Loewy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robin_Curtis=Robin Curtis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tobias_Hume=Tobias Hume
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mel_Allen=Mel Allen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ernest_Esclangon=Ernest Esclangon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lise-Marie_Morerod=Lise-Marie Morerod
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ward_Hill_Lamon=Ward Hill Lamon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gary_Sinise=Gary Sinise
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mariel_Hemingway=Mariel Hemingway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ivan_Reitman=Ivan Reitman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/J._P._Ricciardi=J. P. Ricciardi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jamie-Lynn_Sigler=Jamie-Lynn Sigler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lorraine_Bracco=Lorraine Bracco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrei_Zhdanov=Andrei Zhdanov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Imperioli=Michael Imperioli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adrien_de_Gerlache=Adrien de Gerlache
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tony_Sirico=Tony Sirico
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dominic_Chianese=Dominic Chianese
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marjorie_Boulton=Marjorie Boulton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Apted=Michael Apted
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Kinsley=Michael Kinsley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Hatch_(actor)=Richard Hatch (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Hatch_(Survivor_contestant)=Richard Hatch (Survivor contestant)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Drea_de_Matteo=Drea de Matteo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Barron_Chandler=Edward Barron Chandler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ronaldinho=Ronaldinho
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Walker_(soldier)=George Walker (soldier)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aida_Turturro=Aida Turturro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steve_Schirripa=Steve Schirripa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dan_Grimaldi=Dan Grimaldi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Federico_Castelluccio=Federico Castelluccio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bob_Cole_(sportscaster)=Bob Cole (sportscaster)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frederick_C._Alderdice=Frederick C. Alderdice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ruth_Montgomery=Ruth Montgomery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/D._L._Hughley=D. L. Hughley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nehemiah_Abbott=Nehemiah Abbott
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wayne_Brady=Wayne Brady
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_M._Beggs=James M. Beggs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jesse_Crowell=Jesse Crowell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joe_Trippi=Joe Trippi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samuel_Morgan=Samuel Morgan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maria_Schneider_(cartoonist)=Maria Schneider (cartoonist)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Ettinger=Robert Ettinger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_O._Paine=Thomas O. Paine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Hunt_(politician)=Henry Hunt (politician)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Smigel=Robert Smigel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/T._Keith_Glennan=T. Keith Glennan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marcus_Sergius=Marcus Sergius
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carey_Means=Carey Means
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iona_Campagnolo=Iona Campagnolo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Patrick_Cashin=Michael Patrick Cashin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierre_Bourgault=Pierre Bourgault
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wil_Tirion=Wil Tirion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_F._Lloyd=William F. Lloyd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albert_Hickman=Albert Hickman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antanas_Mockus=Antanas Mockus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marina_Golbahari=Marina Golbahari
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Elsner_(architect)=Joseph Elsner (architect)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Blakiston=Thomas Blakiston
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Seebohm=Henry Seebohm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_d'Haussonville=Joseph d'Haussonville
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph-Mathias_Tellier=Joseph-Mathias Tellier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ellen_MacArthur=Ellen MacArthur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Bowdler_Sharpe=Richard Bowdler Sharpe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Dodington,_1st_Baron_Melcombe=George Dodington, 1st Baron Melcombe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fu_Mingxia=Fu Mingxia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antoine-Vincent_Arnault=Antoine-Vincent Arnault
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karl_L._Littrow=Karl L. Littrow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walter_Murch=Walter Murch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Gates=John Gates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edmund_of_Scotland=Edmund of Scotland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alice_Paul=Alice Paul
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Cooper_(composer)=John Cooper (composer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edmund_Cartwright=Edmund Cartwright
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walter_Weir=Walter Weir
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adrian_Stoop=Adrian Stoop
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louise_de_La_Fayette=Louise de La Fayette
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_York=Michael York
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kenneth_Diplock,_Baron_Diplock=Kenneth Diplock, Baron Diplock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis-Marcelin_de_Fontanes=Louis-Marcelin de Fontanes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yashwant_Sinha=Yashwant Sinha
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johnny_Marks=Johnny Marks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Savitri_Devi=Savitri Devi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frances_Dee=Frances Dee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Conan_Doyle_(rugby_union)=Conan Doyle (rugby union)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rudolf_Bultmann=Rudolf Bultmann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicholas_Ray=Nicholas Ray
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Johansen=David Johansen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Warren=William Warren
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amy_Woodforde-Finden=Amy Woodforde-Finden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mark-Paul_Gosselaar=Mark-Paul Gosselaar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walter_Stanley_Monroe=Walter Stanley Monroe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matthew_Szulik=Matthew Szulik
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alan_Shepherd=Alan Shepherd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ed_Gebski=Ed Gebski
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ilan_Mitchell-Smith=Ilan Mitchell-Smith
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chris_Sawyer=Chris Sawyer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stuart_Damon=Stuart Damon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gustavus_Katterfelto=Gustavus Katterfelto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edmund_Bailey_O'Callaghan=Edmund Bailey O'Callaghan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Wirch=Robert Wirch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dafydd_Iwan=Dafydd Iwan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Neilson=John Neilson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orlando_Bosch=Orlando Bosch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anthony_Lacen=Anthony Lacen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ludger_Duvernay=Ludger Duvernay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jaan_Kross=Jaan Kross
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Soles=Paul Soles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Baer=Richard Baer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Ariu_Christopher=David Ariu Christopher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fred_Ford_(programmer)=Fred Ford (programmer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Reiche_III=Paul Reiche III
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chad_Trujillo=Chad Trujillo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albert_Mol=Albert Mol
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_E._Brown=Michael E. Brown
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heather_DeLoach=Heather DeLoach
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tae_Ashida=Tae Ashida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_L._Rabinowitz=David L. Rabinowitz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Kadoorie=Michael Kadoorie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gloria_Stuart=Gloria Stuart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_L._Saaty=Thomas L. Saaty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Selick=Henry Selick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abraham_Fraenkel=Abraham Fraenkel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harold_Bauer=Harold Bauer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daniel_Mayer=Daniel Mayer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Willy_Burmester=Willy Burmester
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Hardy_Neesima=Joseph Hardy Neesima
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frank_Damrosch=Frank Damrosch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christof_Perick=Christof Perick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Joseph_King=Thomas Joseph King
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dar_Robinson=Dar Robinson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Stewart,_Duke_of_Rothesay=David Stewart, Duke of Rothesay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benjamin_Godard=Benjamin Godard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cornelius_Gurlitt_(composer)=Cornelius Gurlitt (composer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guy_d'Hardelot=Guy d'Hardelot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_Stewart,_Earl_of_Buchan=Alexander Stewart, Earl of Buchan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Scheer=Robert Scheer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reginald_De_Koven=Reginald De Koven
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wesley_Snipes=Wesley Snipes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madhubala=Madhubala
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Simon_Whitfield=Simon Whitfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angie_Dickinson=Angie Dickinson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mohammad_Sharif=Mohammad Sharif
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bob_Smith_(American_politician)=Bob Smith (American politician)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_van_Dantzig=David van Dantzig
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Murray_Walker=Murray Walker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Franz_Lachner=Franz Lachner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Grainger_Blount=William Grainger Blount
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Blount_(statesman)=Thomas Blount (statesman)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carmen_Laforet=Carmen Laforet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jesse_M._Unruh=Jesse M. Unruh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ernest_Vincent_Wright=Ernest Vincent Wright
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Earl_Shaffer=Earl Shaffer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nikolay_Przhevalsky=Nikolay Przhevalsky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Obrad_Piljak=Obrad Piljak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Helmut_Koester=Helmut Koester
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Bendix=William Bendix
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Sutcliffe=William Sutcliffe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seymour_Geisser=Seymour Geisser
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patrick_Duffy=Patrick Duffy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matthew_Whitworth-Aylmer,_5th_Baron_Aylmer=Matthew Whitworth-Aylmer, 5th Baron Aylmer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_L._Hurt=Robert L. Hurt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Agostino_Todaro=Agostino Todaro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Middleton_(administrator)=John Middleton (administrator)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Messali_Hadj=Messali Hadj
http://dbpedia.org/resource/E._M._Wright=E. M. Wright
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Augustus_F._Goodridge=Augustus F. Goodridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Moller=Paul Moller
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miss_Cleo=Miss Cleo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Anthony_Bailey=James Anthony Bailey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hachaliah_Bailey=Hachaliah Bailey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pietro_II_Orseolo=Pietro II Orseolo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Nathaniel_Bell=William Nathaniel Bell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deathlok=Deathlok
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gustav_Friedrich_Waagen=Gustav Friedrich Waagen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mahalalel=Mahalalel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lazar_Gulkowitsch=Lazar Gulkowitsch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Kent=Edward Kent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tuvia_Grossman=Tuvia Grossman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henri_Marteau=Henri Marteau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Popper=David Popper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Josef_Rheinberger=Josef Rheinberger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hugo_Riemann=Hugo Riemann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Valery_Burati=Valery Burati
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Asadi_Tusi=Asadi Tusi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Henreid=Paul Henreid
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bill_Tidy=Bill Tidy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ivor_Guest,_1st_Baron_Wimborne=Ivor Guest, 1st Baron Wimborne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moriz_Rosenthal=Moriz Rosenthal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joan_Bennett=Joan Bennett
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Schradieck=Henry Schradieck
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buchi_Emecheta=Buchi Emecheta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bam_Margera=Bam Margera
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Robert_Dunn=John Robert Dunn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Herbert,_6th_Earl_of_Carnarvon=Henry Herbert, 6th Earl of Carnarvon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Herbert,_7th_Earl_of_Carnarvon=Henry Herbert, 7th Earl of Carnarvon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harald_Tandrup=Harald Tandrup
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rafael_Joseffy=Rafael Joseffy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lucius_Lyon=Lucius Lyon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Spaulding=George Spaulding
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sigismond_Thalberg=Sigismond Thalberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emmy_Destinn=Emmy Destinn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Krauthammer=Charles Krauthammer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scotty_Bowman=Scotty Bowman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Julito_Collazo=Julito Collazo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norman_Atkins=Norman Atkins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fred_Kavli=Fred Kavli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sambor_I,_Duke_of_Pomerania=Sambor I, Duke of Pomerania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mestwin_I,_Duke_of_Pomerania=Mestwin I, Duke of Pomerania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swietopelk_II,_Duke_of_Pomerania=Swietopelk II, Duke of Pomerania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benjamin_Hall_(ironmaster)=Benjamin Hall (ironmaster)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Augusta_Hall,_Baroness_Llanover=Augusta Hall, Baroness Llanover
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mickey_Rourke=Mickey Rourke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amanda_Tapping=Amanda Tapping
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Harman_(British_politician)=John Harman (British politician)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Nicolas_Favart=Charles Nicolas Favart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marie_Favart=Marie Favart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_Gaudette=Tom Gaudette
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Ingram_McMorran=John Ingram McMorran
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moshe_Feiglin=Moshe Feiglin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bohemond_III_of_Antioch=Bohemond III of Antioch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Partridge_(astrologer)=John Partridge (astrologer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philipp_Jakob_Cretzschmar=Philipp Jakob Cretzschmar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heinrich_Wilhelm_Schott=Heinrich Wilhelm Schott
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Ernest_Gault=Charles Ernest Gault
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Taschereau=Robert Taschereau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_H._Koch=David H. Koch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nancy_Lord=Nancy Lord
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jo_Jorgensen=Jo Jorgensen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/T._Casey_Brennan=T. Casey Brennan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antonio_Talbot=Antonio Talbot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bohemond_IV_of_Antioch=Bohemond IV of Antioch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bohemond_V_of_Antioch=Bohemond V of Antioch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bohemond_VI_of_Antioch=Bohemond VI of Antioch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Selamawi_Asgedom=Selamawi Asgedom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francis_Bok=Francis Bok
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raymond-Roupen=Raymond-Roupen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_E._Brown=Joseph E. Brown
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nima_Yooshij=Nima Yooshij
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sohrab_Sepehri=Sohrab Sepehri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Catherine_Bell_(actress)=Catherine Bell (actress)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daley_Thompson=Daley Thompson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arlie_Russell_Hochschild=Arlie Russell Hochschild
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack_Masters=Jack Masters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilhelm_von_Kaulbach=Wilhelm von Kaulbach
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rick_Dees=Rick Dees
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emily_Cox_(puzzle_writer)=Emily Cox (puzzle writer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Rathvon=Henry Rathvon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacques-Yvan_Morin=Jacques-Yvan Morin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guy_Chevrette=Guy Chevrette
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monique_Gagnon-Tremblay=Monique Gagnon-Tremblay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bob_Odenkirk=Bob Odenkirk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_Blanchet_(Quebec_politician)=Jean Blanchet (Quebec politician)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/M_S_Banga=M S Banga
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andy_Merrill=Andy Merrill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philippe_Buonarroti=Philippe Buonarroti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prem_Nazir=Prem Nazir
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_R._Dewey=Edward R. Dewey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keith_Chegwin=Keith Chegwin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gerrit_Berveling=Gerrit Berveling
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hans_Fischerkoesen=Hans Fischerkoesen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keenen_Ivory_Wayans=Keenen Ivory Wayans
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_B._Ollendorff=Henry B. Ollendorff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roland_Perusse=Roland Perusse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leslie_Manigat=Leslie Manigat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stan_Fox=Stan Fox
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Larry_T._Justus=Larry T. Justus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don_Ferguson=Don Ferguson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roger_Abbott=Roger Abbott
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jessica_Holmes=Jessica Holmes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luba_Goy=Luba Goy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heinz_Kluncker=Heinz Kluncker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bob_Cole_(composer)=Bob Cole (composer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bryant_Gumbel=Bryant Gumbel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Douglass_Dumbrille=Douglass Dumbrille
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Felix_Hoffmann=Felix Hoffmann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stephen_Daldry=Stephen Daldry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bernhard_van_Treeck=Bernhard van Treeck
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sequoyah=Sequoyah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harold_B._Lee=Harold B. Lee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Simpson_(journalist)=John Simpson (journalist)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_White_(surgeon)=John White (surgeon)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henk_Badings=Henk Badings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manuel_Moschopoulos=Manuel Moschopoulos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Cotton_(minister)=John Cotton (minister)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ray_Lyman_Wilbur=Ray Lyman Wilbur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Morris,_1st_Baron_Morris=Edward Morris, 1st Baron Morris
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Bundy=William Bundy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gun-Mari_Lindholm=Gun-Mari Lindholm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stephan_Pastis=Stephan Pastis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Jakob_Kaup=Johann Jakob Kaup
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_J._Crittenden=John J. Crittenden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Crittenden,_Sr.=John Crittenden, Sr.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Julia_Kavanagh=Julia Kavanagh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ward_Melville=Ward Melville
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Claude_Wagner=Claude Wagner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ben_Weider=Ben Weider
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mercedes_McCambridge=Mercedes McCambridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Teri_Garr=Teri Garr
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jerome_H._Lemelson=Jerome H. Lemelson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_Vinson=Carl Vinson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gerhart_Eisler=Gerhart Eisler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daniel_Stern_(actor)=Daniel Stern (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barack_Obama=Barack Obama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_of_Tobolsk=John of Tobolsk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_Switzer=Carl Switzer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Billy_Laughlin=Billy Laughlin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sten_Forshufvud=Sten Forshufvud
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Annemarie_Schimmel=Annemarie Schimmel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Felix_Schlag=Felix Schlag
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Erik_Bruhn=Erik Bruhn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roma_Mitchell=Roma Mitchell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Williamson=David Williamson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brian_Peckford=Brian Peckford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Archibald_McIndoe=Archibald McIndoe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeana_Yeager=Jeana Yeager
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack_Hayward=Jack Hayward
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caroline_Dhavernas=Caroline Dhavernas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wes_Bentley=Wes Bentley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Franco_Franchi=Franco Franchi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Milton_William_Cooper=Milton William Cooper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dow_Mossman=Dow Mossman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Beltran=Robert Beltran
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_L._Mills=David L. Mills
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ezio_Pinza=Ezio Pinza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lois_Hamilton=Lois Hamilton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sarto_Fournier=Sarto Fournier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexey_Troitsky=Alexey Troitsky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Genrikh_Kasparyan=Genrikh Kasparyan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amparo_Arrebato=Amparo Arrebato
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hermanis_Matisons=Hermanis Matisons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sidney_Earle_Smith=Sidney Earle Smith
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Morgan_(comedian)=John Morgan (comedian)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daryn_Jones=Daryn Jones
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johnny_Whitaker=Johnny Whitaker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Julia_Cameron=Julia Cameron
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stockard_Channing=Stockard Channing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dean_Drayton=Dean Drayton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Newcomb=William Newcomb
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Gascoigne=William Gascoigne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Biggs=Richard Biggs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_E._Kendall=David E. Kendall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bofu=Bofu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Watts_(New_York_politician)=John Watts (New York politician)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Templeton=John Templeton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kevin_Shelley=Kevin Shelley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lynda_La_Plante=Lynda La Plante
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Crandall=Robert Crandall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Timrod=Henry Timrod
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charlie_Kaufman=Charlie Kaufman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Goldsmith,_Baron_Goldsmith=Peter Goldsmith, Baron Goldsmith
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matt_Salinger=Matt Salinger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrew_Vicari=Andrew Vicari
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Agapius=Agapius
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deanna_Durbin=Deanna Durbin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joel_McCrea=Joel McCrea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Jameson=Robert Jameson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jef_Denyn=Jef Denyn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Frees=Paul Frees
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Taylor,_Baron_Taylor_of_Gosforth=Peter Taylor, Baron Taylor of Gosforth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alan_Cooper=Alan Cooper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daniel_Joseph_Greene=Daniel Joseph Greene
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harrison_McCain=Harrison McCain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kjotve_the_Rich=Kjotve the Rich
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Conze=Edward Conze
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Morgan_(poet)=John Morgan (poet)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Todd_Jay_Weinstein=Todd Jay Weinstein
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sarah_Vowell=Sarah Vowell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Morgan_(journalist)=John Morgan (journalist)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carly_Fiorina=Carly Fiorina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antoine_Jacques_Claude_Joseph,_comte_Boulay_de_la_Meurthe=Antoine Jacques Claude Joseph, comte Boulay de la Meurthe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sandy_Powell_(comedian)=Sandy Powell (comedian)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alicia_Ann_Spottiswoode=Alicia Ann Spottiswoode
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sandy_Powell_(costume_designer)=Sandy Powell (costume designer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albert_Bigelow=Albert Bigelow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Hardinge,_1st_Viscount_Hardinge=Henry Hardinge, 1st Viscount Hardinge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wallace_Edwards=Wallace Edwards
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_Teixeira_de_Mattos=Alexander Teixeira de Mattos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eve_Beglarian=Eve Beglarian
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ned_Beatty=Ned Beatty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Armin_Mueller-Stahl=Armin Mueller-Stahl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_MacNeil=Robert MacNeil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Thorburn=Robert Thorburn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfons_Flisykowski=Alfons Flisykowski
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bill_Mitchell_(designer)=Bill Mitchell (designer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Furlong=Edward Furlong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Al-Khayzuran=Al-Khayzuran
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emanuel_Kayser=Emanuel Kayser
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Haroon_al_Rasheed=Haroon al Rasheed
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Spearman_Winter=James Spearman Winter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ken_Olsen=Ken Olsen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Danny_Tamberelli=Danny Tamberelli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Erwin_Rohde=Erwin Rohde
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis_Couperus=Louis Couperus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Cumberland_(philosopher)=Richard Cumberland (philosopher)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Lee_Morris=Robert Lee Morris
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gil_Troy=Gil Troy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Francis_Adams_III=Charles Francis Adams III
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gregory_Nagy=Gregory Nagy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norman_Ravitch=Norman Ravitch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tab_Hunter=Tab Hunter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Terry_Hall_(ventriloquist)=Terry Hall (ventriloquist)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Darla_Hood=Darla Hood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Boyle,_4th_Earl_of_Orrery=Charles Boyle, 4th Earl of Orrery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roger_Boyle,_1st_Earl_of_Orrery=Roger Boyle, 1st Earl of Orrery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coifi=Coifi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Ulrich_von_Cramer=Johann Ulrich von Cramer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lynda_Weinman=Lynda Weinman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Allen_(loyalist)=William Allen (loyalist)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Allen_(congressman)=William Allen (congressman)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Herbert_Stevens=Henry Herbert Stevens
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don_Imus=Don Imus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Dixwell=John Dixwell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_E._Mann=Thomas E. Mann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yoriko_Kawaguchi=Yoriko Kawaguchi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Man_Mountain_Dean=Man Mountain Dean
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Willy_Claes=Willy Claes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dharmendra=Dharmendra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Howard_Johnson_(lyricist)=Howard Johnson (lyricist)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrew_Allen_(Pennsylvania)=Andrew Allen (Pennsylvania)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hema_Malini=Hema Malini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hugh_Glass=Hugh Glass
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rhea_Perlman=Rhea Perlman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Priyanka_Gandhi=Priyanka Gandhi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mr._II=Mr. II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jerzy_Andrzejewski=Jerzy Andrzejewski
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Graham_(author)=David Graham (author)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marie_Smith_Jones=Marie Smith Jones
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reginald_Gardiner=Reginald Gardiner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christopher_John_Farley=Christopher John Farley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dina_Meyer=Dina Meyer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maude_Adams=Maude Adams
http://dbpedia.org/resource/W._N._P._Barbellion=W. N. P. Barbellion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ned_Maddrell=Ned Maddrell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frank_Howard_(politician)=Frank Howard (politician)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rick_Moranis=Rick Moranis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/C._William_Doody=C. William Doody
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leigh_Bowery=Leigh Bowery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacques_Ferron=Jacques Ferron
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfred_Boyd=Alfred Boyd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alessia_di_Matteo=Alessia di Matteo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stuart_Garson=Stuart Garson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dave_Coulier=Dave Coulier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raaj_Kumar=Raaj Kumar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_Peters=Tom Peters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rajkumar_Santoshi=Rajkumar Santoshi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Larry_Storch=Larry Storch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peggy_Ashcroft=Peggy Ashcroft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albert_R._Broccoli=Albert R. Broccoli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greet_Hofmans=Greet Hofmans
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Williamson_(economist)=John Williamson (economist)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pol_Duwez=Pol Duwez
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ramachandran_Ramesh=Ramachandran Ramesh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karlrobert_Kreiten=Karlrobert Kreiten
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis_Jourdan=Louis Jourdan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elyesa_Bazna=Elyesa Bazna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gustav_von_Ewers=Gustav von Ewers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yuri_Lotman=Yuri Lotman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Smith_(editor)=Richard Smith (editor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sander_Levin=Sander Levin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_von_Oettingen=Alexander von Oettingen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Simon_De_Jong=Simon De Jong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jonathan_Taylor_Thomas=Jonathan Taylor Thomas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_J._Anderson=Michael J. Anderson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ian_Waddell=Ian Waddell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mirwais_Sadiq=Mirwais Sadiq
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Elmer_Hires=Charles Elmer Hires
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eberhard_Sengpiel=Eberhard Sengpiel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matthew_Modine=Matthew Modine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Crawford_(sculptor)=Thomas Crawford (sculptor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Visconte_Maggiolo=Visconte Maggiolo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Nyoman_Windha=I Nyoman Windha
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ambrose_Dixon=Ambrose Dixon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Florian_Cajori=Florian Cajori
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Neil_Gillman=Neil Gillman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frank_Thomas_(animator)=Frank Thomas (animator)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Jefferson=Joseph Jefferson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marinus_van_der_Goes_van_Naters=Marinus van der Goes van Naters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Howard_Charles_Green=Howard Charles Green
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mark_MacGuigan=Mark MacGuigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norman_Kemp_Smith=Norman Kemp Smith
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eric_Kierans=Eric Kierans
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fritz_Kolbe=Fritz Kolbe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Brown_(entrepreneur)=David Brown (entrepreneur)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Hanson_(Liberia)=John Hanson (Liberia)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Farley=James Farley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georges_Polti=Georges Polti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Stevens_Fielding=William Stevens Fielding
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Gavan_Power=Charles Gavan Power
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jnanayasas=Jnanayasas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Perry_Graham=George Perry Graham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joe_Greene_(Ontario_politician)=Joe Greene (Ontario politician)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don_Johnston=Don Johnston
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eugene_Whelan=Eugene Whelan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Garry_Marshall=Garry Marshall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gale_Gordon=Gale Gordon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stephen_J._Pyne=Stephen J. Pyne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brian_Maxwell=Brian Maxwell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Menahem_Mendel_Beilis=Menahem Mendel Beilis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Crosbie=John Crosbie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sholom_Dovber_Schneersohn=Sholom Dovber Schneersohn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jan_van_Scorel=Jan van Scorel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Amos=John Amos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Crombie=David Crombie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Pocklington=Peter Pocklington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Willem_Verhulst=Willem Verhulst
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Neil_Fraser_(civil_servant)=Neil Fraser (civil servant)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Cooper_(car_maker)=John Cooper (car maker)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arima_Yoriyuki=Arima Yoriyuki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marvel_Cooke=Marvel Cooke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mike_Jittlov=Mike Jittlov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Susan_Howard=Susan Howard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Sherman_Cooper=John Sherman Cooper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Strunge=Michael Strunge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bert_Millichip=Bert Millichip
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harald_Zwart=Harald Zwart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rudolf_Sremec=Rudolf Sremec
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don_Dunstan=Don Dunstan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Solange_Knowles=Solange Knowles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sam_Sheppard=Sam Sheppard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A._S._J._Tessimond=A. S. J. Tessimond
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_A._Clarke=Richard A. Clarke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Lovelady=John Lovelady
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fiona_Bruce=Fiona Bruce
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roger_Griffin=Roger Griffin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eugene_Mallove=Eugene Mallove
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Astor=David Astor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nathan_Heard=Nathan Heard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kenneth_Thomson,_2nd_Baron_Thomson_of_Fleet=Kenneth Thomson, 2nd Baron Thomson of Fleet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kenneth_Copeland=Kenneth Copeland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jim_Edwards=Jim Edwards
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lillian_Disney=Lillian Disney
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Reeves_(American_writer)=Richard Reeves (American writer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ranulf_II_of_Aquitaine=Ranulf II of Aquitaine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_II,_Duke_of_Aquitaine=William II, Duke of Aquitaine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_I,_Duke_of_Aquitaine=William I, Duke of Aquitaine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ebalus,_Duke_of_Aquitaine=Ebalus, Duke of Aquitaine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Acfred,_Duke_of_Aquitaine=Acfred, Duke of Aquitaine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_VI,_Duke_of_Aquitaine=William VI, Duke of Aquitaine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_IV,_Duke_of_Aquitaine=William IV, Duke of Aquitaine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Odo_of_Gascony=Odo of Gascony
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_III,_Duke_of_Aquitaine=William III, Duke of Aquitaine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_V,_Duke_of_Aquitaine=William V, Duke of Aquitaine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_VII,_Duke_of_Aquitaine=William VII, Duke of Aquitaine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_VIII,_Duke_of_Aquitaine=William VIII, Duke of Aquitaine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_IX,_Duke_of_Aquitaine=William IX, Duke of Aquitaine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_X,_Duke_of_Aquitaine=William X, Duke of Aquitaine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Allen_Fraser=John Allen Fraser
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ja'net_Dubois=Ja'net Dubois
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gerda_Munsinger=Gerda Munsinger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Israel_Meir_Kagan=Israel Meir Kagan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hugh_Segal=Hugh Segal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Clarke_(actor)=David Clarke (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pat_Nowlan=Pat Nowlan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bruce_Grocott,_Baron_Grocott=Bruce Grocott, Baron Grocott
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_DeCoteau=David DeCoteau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tran_Anh_Hung=Tran Anh Hung
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ralph_Carter=Ralph Carter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alvin_Hamilton=Alvin Hamilton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/M._A._MacPherson=M. A. MacPherson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Cahan=Charles Cahan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Masayuki_Suo=Masayuki Suo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Rogers_(Manitoba_politician)=Robert Rogers (Manitoba politician)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benjamin_Creme=Benjamin Creme
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yisroel_Salanter=Yisroel Salanter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yasuo_Furuhata=Yasuo Furuhata
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karl_Baedeker=Karl Baedeker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_Hindenburg=Carl Hindenburg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ed_Gillespie=Ed Gillespie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Max_Cannon=Max Cannon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kompressor_(musician)=Kompressor (musician)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Efford=John Efford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lawrence_O'Brien=Lawrence O'Brien
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rick_Perry=Rick Perry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barbara_Palmer,_1st_Duchess_of_Cleveland=Barbara Palmer, 1st Duchess of Cleveland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Cadbury=John Cadbury
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mundus_(general)=Mundus (general)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Margaret_of_Huntingdon,_Lady_of_Galloway=Margaret of Huntingdon, Lady of Galloway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isobel_of_Huntingdon=Isobel of Huntingdon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Russell_MacLellan=Russell MacLellan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guru_Har_Rai=Guru Har Rai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guru_Hargobind=Guru Hargobind
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrew_Wyeth=Andrew Wyeth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guru_Har_Krishan=Guru Har Krishan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guru_Tegh_Bahadur=Guru Tegh Bahadur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clifford_Odets=Clifford Odets
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miyuki_Kawanaka=Miyuki Kawanaka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amenhotep_I=Amenhotep I
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eliza_Poe=Eliza Poe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bobby_Pulido=Bobby Pulido
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Darryl_Purpose=Darryl Purpose
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arthur_Bliss_Lane=Arthur Bliss Lane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antipope_Anacletus_II=Antipope Anacletus II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amenhotep_II=Amenhotep II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eddie_Waring=Eddie Waring
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joe_Simpson_(mountaineer)=Joe Simpson (mountaineer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Simon_Yates_(mountaineer)=Simon Yates (mountaineer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jakob_Lorber=Jakob Lorber
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Ardai=Charles Ardai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zev_Wolf=Zev Wolf
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theodore_Cogswell=Theodore Cogswell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Werner_Jaeger=Werner Jaeger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frederick_Edward_Maning=Frederick Edward Maning
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Douglas_Lloyd_Campbell=Douglas Lloyd Campbell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gary_Filmon=Gary Filmon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samuel_Bronfman=Samuel Bronfman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Stanier=William Stanier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dom_DeLuise=Dom DeLuise
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_I._Rose=William I. Rose
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfred_Reed=Alfred Reed
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mark_Taimanov=Mark Taimanov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mufti_Mohammad_Sayeed=Mufti Mohammad Sayeed
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mehbooba_Mufti=Mehbooba Mufti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Ritty=James Ritty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spike_Spencer=Spike Spencer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rodmond_Roblin=Rodmond Roblin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sabinianus=Sabinianus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean-Baptiste_Leschenault_de_La_Tour=Jean-Baptiste Leschenault de La Tour
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_McHenry=James McHenry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Greenway=Thomas Greenway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Howard_Harrison=David Howard Harrison
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Blount,_4th_Baron_Mountjoy=William Blount, 4th Baron Mountjoy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ted_Waitt=Ted Waitt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jen_Trynin=Jen Trynin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Mosse=George Mosse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hiroyuki_Takei=Hiroyuki Takei
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Graham_Sumner=William Graham Sumner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Norquay=John Norquay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Watts_Humphrey=Watts Humphrey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Atkinson_Davis=Robert Atkinson Davis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marc-Amable_Girard=Marc-Amable Girard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Joseph_Clarke=Henry Joseph Clarke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jared_Ingersoll=Jared Ingersoll
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jane_Jensen=Jane Jensen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Holmes_(scriptwriter)=Robert Holmes (scriptwriter)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Les_Barker=Les Barker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Avi_Lewis=Avi Lewis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Orbinski=James Orbinski
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philip_Stanhope,_2nd_Earl_of_Chesterfield=Philip Stanhope, 2nd Earl of Chesterfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anne_Lennard,_Countess_of_Sussex=Anne Lennard, Countess of Sussex
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_FitzRoy,_1st_Duke_of_Northumberland=George FitzRoy, 1st Duke of Northumberland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Roter=George Roter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parker_Mitchell=Parker Mitchell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lady_Barbara_FitzRoy=Lady Barbara FitzRoy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christopher_Awdry=Christopher Awdry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phillip_Adams=Phillip Adams
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marcia_Clark=Marcia Clark
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Kricfalusi=John Kricfalusi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lili_Taylor=Lili Taylor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Margaret_Nolan=Margaret Nolan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacques_Gillot=Jacques Gillot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dame_Darcy=Dame Darcy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lucette_Michaux-Chevry=Lucette Michaux-Chevry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeffery_Paine=Jeffery Paine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sargis_Kakabadze=Sargis Kakabadze
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ambrosius_of_Georgia=Ambrosius of Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacob_Broom=Jacob Broom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Deighton=John Deighton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patrick_Moore_(environmentalist)=Patrick Moore (environmentalist)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Armbruster=Peter Armbruster
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ingenuus=Ingenuus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Noel_Gay=Noel Gay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Regalianus=Regalianus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Macrianus_Major=Macrianus Major
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Macrianus_Minor=Macrianus Minor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quietus=Quietus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sergey_Ozhegov=Sergey Ozhegov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Jacob_Astor_VI=John Jacob Astor VI
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vladivoj,_Duke_of_Bohemia=Vladivoj, Duke of Bohemia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bretislaus_III,_Duke_of_Bohemia=Bretislaus III, Duke of Bohemia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mariano_Azuela=Mariano Azuela
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mussius_Aemilianus=Mussius Aemilianus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lloyd_C._Stark=Lloyd C. Stark
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adam_von_Trott_zu_Solz=Adam von Trott zu Solz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elihu_B._Washburne=Elihu B. Washburne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aureolus=Aureolus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maynard_C._Krueger=Maynard C. Krueger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lewis_Spence=Lewis Spence
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Floella_Benjamin,_Baroness_Benjamin=Floella Benjamin, Baroness Benjamin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_Mix=Tom Mix
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Septimius_(Roman_emperor_usurper)=Septimius (Roman emperor usurper)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martin_Jarvis_(actor)=Martin Jarvis (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Julius_Saturninus=Julius Saturninus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Proculus=Proculus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thutmose_IV=Thutmose IV
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vladimir_Begun=Vladimir Begun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bonosus_(usurper)=Bonosus (usurper)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vassula_Ryden=Vassula Ryden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alois_Hitler=Alois Hitler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cecilia_Gallerani=Cecilia Gallerani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacob_Roggeveen=Jacob Roggeveen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leod=Leod
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sergei_Khrushchev=Sergei Khrushchev
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stefan_George=Stefan George
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilhelm_von_Gottberg=Wilhelm von Gottberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Cromwell=David Cromwell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Newdow=Michael Newdow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harold_Lloyd_Henderson=Harold Lloyd Henderson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Julian_Marchlewski=Julian Marchlewski
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jim_Flaherty=Jim Flaherty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Donald_William_Cameron=Donald William Cameron
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roger_Stuart_Bacon=Roger Stuart Bacon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Duncan_MacLean=John Duncan MacLean
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harlan_F._Stone=Harlan F. Stone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harlan_Carey_Brewster=Harlan Carey Brewster
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tony_Penikett=Tony Penikett
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_von_Zahn=Peter von Zahn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Brehm=Charles Brehm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Billy_Blanks=Billy Blanks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_C._Jerdon=Thomas C. Jerdon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Lockwood=David Lockwood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kerry_Burke=Kerry Burke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clara_Westhoff=Clara Westhoff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean-Claude_Romand=Jean-Claude Romand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Betty_Eadie=Betty Eadie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brian_Blessed=Brian Blessed
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Gascoyne-Cecil,_7th_Marquess_of_Salisbury=Robert Gascoyne-Cecil, 7th Marquess of Salisbury
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Franco_Alfano=Franco Alfano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/June_Palmer=June Palmer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfred_Bitini_Xuma=Alfred Bitini Xuma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xuxa=Xuxa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Hymans=Paul Hymans
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Gascoyne-Cecil,_4th_Marquess_of_Salisbury=James Gascoyne-Cecil, 4th Marquess of Salisbury
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Hynes_(politician)=John Hynes (politician)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Gascoyne-Cecil,_5th_Marquess_of_Salisbury=Robert Gascoyne-Cecil, 5th Marquess of Salisbury
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luis_Kutner=Luis Kutner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_E._Kurtz=Thomas E. Kurtz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bretislaus_I,_Duke_of_Bohemia=Bretislaus I, Duke of Bohemia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matthias_Braun=Matthias Braun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfred_Douglas-Hamilton,_13th_Duke_of_Hamilton=Alfred Douglas-Hamilton, 13th Duke of Hamilton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nina_Douglas-Hamilton,_Duchess_of_Hamilton=Nina Douglas-Hamilton, Duchess of Hamilton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Hanmer=David Hanmer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Serge_Clair=Serge Clair
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_R._Thompson=James R. Thompson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Tague=James Tague
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Carradine=David Carradine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Piers_McDonald=Piers McDonald
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samuel_Harsnett=Samuel Harsnett
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alice_Duer_Miller=Alice Duer Miller
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ed_Bradley=Ed Bradley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mary_Robinson_(poet)=Mary Robinson (poet)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kirsty_Wark=Kirsty Wark
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Juan_Moreira=Juan Moreira
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don_Cheadle=Don Cheadle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walter_Iooss=Walter Iooss
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abu_Salma=Abu Salma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Otto_Dietrich=Otto Dietrich
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jakob_Hermann=Jakob Hermann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Atlas=Charles Atlas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Gallagher=Joseph Gallagher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_Ribault=Jean Ribault
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Othman_II=Othman II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Terry_Major-Ball=Terry Major-Ball
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karri_Turner=Karri Turner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Susan_Blakely=Susan Blakely
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Venetia_Burney=Venetia Burney
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Claire_Rayner=Claire Rayner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Powers_Boothe=Powers Boothe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chris_Pearson_(politician)=Chris Pearson (politician)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Willard_Phelps=Willard Phelps
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jake_Lloyd=Jake Lloyd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bruce_Crawford=Bruce Crawford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Baker_(Scottish_politician)=Richard Baker (Scottish politician)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Linda_Fabiani=Linda Fabiani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rob_Gibson=Rob Gibson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christine_Grahame=Christine Grahame
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Campbell_Martin=Campbell Martin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Lochhead=Richard Lochhead
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fiona_Hyslop=Fiona Hyslop
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bruce_McFee=Bruce McFee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/J._D._Cannon=J. D. Cannon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diana_Muldaur=Diana Muldaur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ralph_Lowell=Ralph Lowell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madman_Muntz=Madman Muntz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Aspdin=Joseph Aspdin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Linda_Cobb=Linda Cobb
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Percy_Shaw=Percy Shaw
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Gurley_Drew=Richard Gurley Drew
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fulcher_of_Chartres=Fulcher of Chartres
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adam_Sessler=Adam Sessler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Melina_Kanakaredes=Melina Kanakaredes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vinko_Bogataj=Vinko Bogataj
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeff_Probst=Jeff Probst
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don_Hoefler=Don Hoefler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Corwin=Thomas Corwin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chris_O'Donnell=Chris O'Donnell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glenn_Turner=Glenn Turner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jan_Brokoff=Jan Brokoff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrea_Feldman=Andrea Feldman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kyle_E._McSlarrow=Kyle E. McSlarrow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Brokoff=Michael Brokoff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mohammad_Sami=Mohammad Sami
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Izz_ad-Din_al-Qassam=Izz ad-Din al-Qassam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bindusara=Bindusara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marie_Nicolas_Sylvestre_Guillon=Marie Nicolas Sylvestre Guillon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mathieu_de_Montmorency=Mathieu de Montmorency
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dingiswayo=Dingiswayo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Cary,_1st_Viscount_Falkland=Henry Cary, 1st Viscount Falkland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Chalmers=Thomas Chalmers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis_Blanchette=Louis Blanchette
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Easton=Peter Easton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_of_Cirencester=Richard of Cirencester
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francis_Tanfield=Francis Tanfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Jenson=Robert Jenson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Drummond_(evangelist)=Henry Drummond (evangelist)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marcus_Dods_(theologian_born_1834)=Marcus Dods (theologian born 1834)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barbara_Deming=Barbara Deming
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arthur_Aston=Arthur Aston
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_Whyte=Alexander Whyte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Angelo_Pergolesi=Michael Angelo Pergolesi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Horace_Jones_(architect)=Horace Jones (architect)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jane_Delano=Jane Delano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Smith_Candlish=Robert Smith Candlish
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edmund_C._Lynch=Edmund C. Lynch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Rainy=Robert Rainy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A._S._Neill=A. S. Neill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Cavendish_Boyle=Charles Cavendish Boyle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_Bannerman=Alexander Bannerman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_J._Birgeneau=Robert J. Birgeneau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ellen_Malcolm=Ellen Malcolm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Viscott=David Viscott
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samuel_Francis_Smith=Samuel Francis Smith
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jim_Tunney_(Irish_politician)=Jim Tunney (Irish politician)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Leavenworth=Henry Leavenworth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greg_Knauss=Greg Knauss
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Adam_Reincken=Johann Adam Reincken
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wallace_Davenport=Wallace Davenport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reed_Hundt=Reed Hundt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clovis_IV=Clovis IV
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bob_Mosher=Bob Mosher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Burt_Kwouk=Burt Kwouk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daniel_Sidney_Warner=Daniel Sidney Warner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manetho=Manetho
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elizabeth_Haydon=Elizabeth Haydon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Robinson_(broadcaster)=Robert Robinson (broadcaster)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angela_Rippon=Angela Rippon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marco_Evaristti=Marco Evaristti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clinton_Presba_Anderson=Clinton Presba Anderson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Barr_Ames=James Barr Ames
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hartmut_Pilch=Hartmut Pilch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arlette_Langmann=Arlette Langmann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Linda_Cardellini=Linda Cardellini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Piers_Morgan=Piers Morgan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrew_Bell_(engraver)=Andrew Bell (engraver)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Warren_Jeffs=Warren Jeffs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Famke_Janssen=Famke Janssen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dave_Garroway=Dave Garroway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Lane_(actor)=Charles Lane (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Kirke=David Kirke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hideyuki_Hirayama=Hideyuki Hirayama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Takashi_Koizumi=Takashi Koizumi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Treworgie=John Treworgie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jim_Nabors=Jim Nabors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nina_Serrano=Nina Serrano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Martin_(Canadian_politician)=Joseph Martin (Canadian politician)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harold_G._Dick=Harold G. Dick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Allan_Jones_(actor)=Allan Jones (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Irene_Hervey=Irene Hervey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kenneth_Arnold=Kenneth Arnold
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mary_Lou_Finlay=Mary Lou Finlay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Travis_Walton=Travis Walton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albert_Hoffman_(artist)=Albert Hoffman (artist)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Enrique_Granados=Enrique Granados
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prosper_Avril=Prosper Avril
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abu_Bakar_Bashir=Abu Bakar Bashir
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gail_Berman=Gail Berman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gordon_Bethune=Gordon Bethune
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gata_Kamsky=Gata Kamsky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roberts_Blossom=Roberts Blossom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Billy_%22Green%22_Bush=Billy "Green" Bush
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pedro_Carmona=Pedro Carmona
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Capellas=Michael Capellas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jackie_Burroughs=Jackie Burroughs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Cassisi=John Cassisi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/L._M._Kit_Carson=L. M. Kit Carson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Neal_Conan=Neal Conan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Czerny=Henry Czerny
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hussam_Abdo=Hussam Abdo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Malin=David Malin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chris_Daly=Chris Daly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bob_Dishy=Bob Dishy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kenneth_Duberstein=Kenneth Duberstein
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samuel_Tickell=Samuel Tickell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raul_Roco=Raul Roco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alessandro_Pavolini=Alessandro Pavolini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tony_Abbott=Tony Abbott
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kevin_Andrews_(politician)=Kevin Andrews (politician)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eugeniusz_Bodo=Eugeniusz Bodo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gideon_Brand_van_Zyl=Gideon Brand van Zyl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eliakum_Zunser=Eliakum Zunser
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arseny_Zverev=Arseny Zverev
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guillermo_Rivas=Guillermo Rivas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arthur_B._Reeve=Arthur B. Reeve
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frank_Zamboni=Frank Zamboni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lodovico_Zacconi=Lodovico Zacconi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friedrich_Wilhelm_Zachow=Friedrich Wilhelm Zachow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Saywell=John Saywell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adam_Gib=Adam Gib
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ebenezer_Erskine=Ebenezer Erskine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Felix_Unger=Felix Unger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Boston=Thomas Boston
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ralph_Erskine_(preacher)=Ralph Erskine (preacher)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Gillespie_(minister)=Thomas Gillespie (minister)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Lindsay_Alexander=William Lindsay Alexander
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guy_Burgess=Guy Burgess
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_Balmain_Bruce=Alexander Balmain Bruce
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Adam_Smith=George Adam Smith
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ferdinand_von_Hochstetter=Ferdinand von Hochstetter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friedrich_August_von_Quenstedt=Friedrich August von Quenstedt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hermann_Kurz=Hermann Kurz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isolde_Kurz=Isolde Kurz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edgar_Nelson_Rhodes=Edgar Nelson Rhodes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gottfried_von_Strassburg=Gottfried von Strassburg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jan_Sterling=Jan Sterling
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karl_Leberecht_Immermann=Karl Leberecht Immermann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Thomas_Pipes=William Thomas Pipes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Somerset,_2nd_Earl_of_Worcester=Henry Somerset, 2nd Earl of Worcester
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rupert_Cross=Rupert Cross
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Somerset,_3rd_Earl_of_Worcester=William Somerset, 3rd Earl of Worcester
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacques_de_La_Palice=Jacques de La Palice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Bagot=Charles Bagot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Clitherow=John Clitherow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leslie_Ash=Leslie Ash
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Downes_Jackson=Richard Downes Jackson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Neil_Morrissey=Neil Morrissey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Clay_Folger=Henry Clay Folger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mangrai=Mangrai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anna_Ford=Anna Ford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Henry_Murray=George Henry Murray
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_Payne=Alexander Payne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Loyd_Grossman=Loyd Grossman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philip_Carteret_Hill=Philip Carteret Hill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roy_Castle=Roy Castle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isabelle_Coutant-Peyre=Isabelle Coutant-Peyre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kirsty_Young=Kirsty Young
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fay_Compton=Fay Compton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Somerset,_4th_Earl_of_Worcester=Edward Somerset, 4th Earl of Worcester
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeremiah_Clarke=Jeremiah Clarke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albert_Zafy=Albert Zafy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_Theodor_Zahle=Carl Theodor Zahle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexandros_Zaimis=Alexandros Zaimis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zaleucus=Zaleucus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aleksander_Zawadzki=Aleksander Zawadzki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Simon_Hugh_Holmes=Simon Hugh Holmes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jules_Sylvain_Zeller=Jules Sylvain Zeller
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friedrich_Albert_von_Zenker=Friedrich Albert von Zenker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reinhard_Lettau=Reinhard Lettau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isabella_Clara_Eugenia=Isabella Clara Eugenia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roy_Kellerman=Roy Kellerman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Hurndall=Richard Hurndall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steve_Grand=Steve Grand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Somerset,_1st_Marquess_of_Worcester=Henry Somerset, 1st Marquess of Worcester
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roger_Lloyd-Pack=Roger Lloyd-Pack
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Hoban=James Hoban
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benjamin_Paul_Blood=Benjamin Paul Blood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_J._Stevenson=David J. Stevenson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_William_Johnston=James William Johnston
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mary_di_Michele=Mary di Michele
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Kaspar_Zeuss=Johann Kaspar Zeuss
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jan_Conn=Jan Conn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zibhebhu_kaMaphitha=Zibhebhu kaMaphitha
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Linda_Tripp=Linda Tripp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Budd_Hopkins=Budd Hopkins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frank_Hopkins=Frank Hopkins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guillermo_E._Brown=Guillermo E. Brown
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Oliver_(politician)=John Oliver (politician)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brian_Blade=Brian Blade
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Puey_Ungpakorn=Puey Ungpakorn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jonas_Staugaitis=Jonas Staugaitis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hugh_Williamson=Hugh Williamson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gunning_Bedford,_Jr.=Gunning Bedford, Jr.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antanas_Merkys=Antanas Merkys
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Bassett_(politician)=Richard Bassett (politician)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anne_Isabella_Byron,_Baroness_Byron=Anne Isabella Byron, Baroness Byron
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Marston_(poet)=John Marston (poet)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Geoffrey_Fitz_Peter,_1st_Earl_of_Essex=Geoffrey Fitz Peter, 1st Earl of Essex
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Budd_Friedman=Budd Friedman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Truddi_Chase=Truddi Chase
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joe_Maneri=Joe Maneri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marilu_Henner=Marilu Henner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ramona_Trinidad_Iglesias-Jordan=Ramona Trinidad Iglesias-Jordan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_de_Valence,_1st_Earl_of_Pembroke=William de Valence, 1st Earl of Pembroke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Moscone=George Moscone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paige_Davis=Paige Davis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Somerset,_2nd_Marquess_of_Worcester=Edward Somerset, 2nd Marquess of Worcester
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pat_Roy_Mooney=Pat Roy Mooney
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hanna_Newcombe=Hanna Newcombe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gerry_Barr=Gerry Barr
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martin_Connell=Martin Connell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Escott_Reid=Escott Reid
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Murray_Thomson=Murray Thomson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Muriel_Duckworth=Muriel Duckworth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nancy_Meek_Pocock=Nancy Meek Pocock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meyer_Brownstone=Meyer Brownstone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lois_Miriam_Wilson=Lois Miriam Wilson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Ignatieff=George Ignatieff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/J._King_Gordon=J. King Gordon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/May_Whitty=May Whitty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Margaret_Lockwood=Margaret Lockwood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Irina_Slutskaya=Irina Slutskaya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lawrence_Stager=Lawrence Stager
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Musa_Ghiatuddin_Riayat_Shah_of_Selangor=Musa Ghiatuddin Riayat Shah of Selangor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Somerset,_Marquess_of_Worcester=Charles Somerset, Marquess of Worcester
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beate_Sirota_Gordon=Beate Sirota Gordon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dave_Broadfoot=Dave Broadfoot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Somerset,_2nd_Duke_of_Beaufort=Henry Somerset, 2nd Duke of Beaufort
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_Cabannes=Jean Cabannes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marguerite_Steinheil=Marguerite Steinheil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hermann_Tilke=Hermann Tilke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Henry_Hunt_(painter)=William Henry Hunt (painter)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_John_Pinwell=George John Pinwell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_Ingelow=Jean Ingelow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Scudamore,_3rd_Duke_of_Beaufort=Henry Scudamore, 3rd Duke of Beaufort
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keith_Floyd=Keith Floyd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/August_Kopisch=August Kopisch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Somerset,_4th_Duke_of_Beaufort=Charles Somerset, 4th Duke of Beaufort
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Craig_McClanahan=Craig McClanahan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Hague=Michael Hague
http://dbpedia.org/resource/T._Berry_Brazelton=T. Berry Brazelton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daniel_Carroll=Daniel Carroll
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daniel_of_St._Thomas_Jenifer=Daniel of St. Thomas Jenifer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luther_Martin=Luther Martin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fang_Lizhi=Fang Lizhi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sing_Lung=Sing Lung
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lady_Helen_Taylor=Lady Helen Taylor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wanda_Landowska=Wanda Landowska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jane_Peters=Jane Peters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anatoliy_Zlenko=Anatoliy Zlenko
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jorja_Fox=Jorja Fox
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daniel_A._Grout=Daniel A. Grout
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wang_Dan=Wang Dan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tommaso_Traetta=Tommaso Traetta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Walser_(musicologist)=Robert Walser (musicologist)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilfred_Grenfell=Wilfred Grenfell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jules_de_Goncourt=Jules de Goncourt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rosie_Boycott=Rosie Boycott
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lord_Frederick_Windsor=Lord Frederick Windsor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maurice_Watkins=Maurice Watkins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack_Docherty=Jack Docherty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eduardo_di_Capua=Eduardo di Capua
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Rado=James Rado
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jon_Stanhope=Jon Stanhope
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_McBride=Richard McBride
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gary_Humphries=Gary Humphries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kim_Maltman=Kim Maltman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dr._Atl=Dr. Atl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Gawler_Prior=Edward Gawler Prior
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buck_Henry=Buck Henry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jono_Bacon=Jono Bacon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Serge_and_Beate_Klarsfeld=Serge and Beate Klarsfeld
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Dunsmuir=James Dunsmuir
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Anthony_Walkem=George Anthony Walkem
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samuel_Rhoads=Samuel Rhoads
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Marsden=David Marsden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Margaret_Jackson=Margaret Jackson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fernando_Mezzasoma=Fernando Mezzasoma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Derrick_May_(musician)=Derrick May (musician)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edwin_Astley=Edwin Astley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norah_Lange=Norah Lange
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Leedskalnin=Edward Leedskalnin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Geoffrey_Fisher=Geoffrey Fisher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jim_Foster_(American_football)=Jim Foster (American football)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Ramsey=Michael Ramsey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_DeChancie=John DeChancie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Bessler=Johann Bessler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laurie_Mylroie=Laurie Mylroie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doris_Humphrey=Doris Humphrey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Wharton=Michael Wharton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Byron,_5th_Baron_Byron=William Byron, 5th Baron Byron
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michel_Trudeau=Michel Trudeau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacques_Loussier=Jacques Loussier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yasumasa_Kanada=Yasumasa Kanada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Somerset,_5th_Duke_of_Beaufort=Henry Somerset, 5th Duke of Beaufort
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sidney_Souers=Sidney Souers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Stott=John Stott
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jason_Mewes=Jason Mewes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grady_Booch=Grady Booch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Barker_(painter)=George Barker (painter)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yiannis_Latsis=Yiannis Latsis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_McClintock,_1st_Baron_Rathdonnell=John McClintock, 1st Baron Rathdonnell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lucienne_Boyer=Lucienne Boyer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pat_Duncan=Pat Duncan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/J._V._Jones=J. V. Jones
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Julian_Critchley=Julian Critchley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michele_Mercati=Michele Mercati
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leung_Long_Chau=Leung Long Chau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gonzalo_de_Berceo=Gonzalo de Berceo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_Hoerni=Jean Hoerni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hal_Kanter=Hal Kanter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sanjay_Gandhi=Sanjay Gandhi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sheldon_Roberts=Sheldon Roberts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Adam_(French_novelist)=Paul Adam (French novelist)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laurence_Gardner=Laurence Gardner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Auguste_Mariette=Auguste Mariette
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jorge_Manrique=Jorge Manrique
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ubertino_of_Casale=Ubertino of Casale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jay_Last=Jay Last
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leno_and_Rosemary_LaBianca=Leno and Rosemary LaBianca
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matthew_Smith_(games_programmer)=Matthew Smith (games programmer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nagakura_Shinpachi=Nagakura Shinpachi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Victor_Grinich=Victor Grinich
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Denis_Follows=Denis Follows
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bob_Boucher=Bob Boucher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Gibbs_McAdoo=William Gibbs McAdoo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philippe_Legrain=Philippe Legrain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eleanor_Clitheroe-Bell=Eleanor Clitheroe-Bell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albert_B._Fall=Albert B. Fall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Howard_Hinton=Charles Howard Hinton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wiley_Post=Wiley Post
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Sheridan_Allen=William Sheridan Allen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hugo_Egon_Balder=Hugo Egon Balder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oscar_Hammerstein_I=Oscar Hammerstein I
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spanish_nobility=Spanish nobility
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jan_Potocki=Jan Potocki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daniel_Okrent=Daniel Okrent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shraga_Feivel_Mendlowitz=Shraga Feivel Mendlowitz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Boland_(politician)=John Boland (politician)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eileen_Desmond=Eileen Desmond
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Machiko_Soga=Machiko Soga
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albert_Coates_(musician)=Albert Coates (musician)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bert_Keizer=Bert Keizer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis_O._Kelso=Louis O. Kelso
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Asa_Whitney=Asa Whitney
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christopher_Norris_(critic)=Christopher Norris (critic)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack_Little_(songwriter)=Jack Little (songwriter)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jason_Schwartzman=Jason Schwartzman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Claire_Clairmont=Claire Clairmont
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Checkland=Michael Checkland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sydney_Biddle_Barrows=Sydney Biddle Barrows
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ernst_Haas=Ernst Haas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alasdair_Milne=Alasdair Milne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daisaku_Ikeda=Daisaku Ikeda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edgar_Quine=Edgar Quine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Douglas_Lain=Douglas Lain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ian_Trethowan=Ian Trethowan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Curran_(broadcaster)=Charles Curran (broadcaster)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Haley=William Haley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mark_Byford=Mark Byford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philip_Seymour_Hoffman=Philip Seymour Hoffman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_C._Reilly=John C. Reilly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hugh_Greene=Hugh Greene
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eugenio_Brunetta_d'Usseaux=Eugenio Brunetta d'Usseaux
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reinhard_Bonnke=Reinhard Bonnke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mary_Astor=Mary Astor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Turmel=John Turmel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ramon_Novarro=Ramon Novarro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mubarak_Awad=Mubarak Awad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Venn_(Clapham_Sect)=Henry Venn (Clapham Sect)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Russell_(painter)=John Russell (painter)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Enrique_V._Iglesias=Enrique V. Iglesias
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alan_Gorrie=Alan Gorrie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfredo_Catalani=Alfredo Catalani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Brown_(doctor)=John Brown (doctor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Brown_(essayist)=John Brown (essayist)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Brown_(theologian)=John Brown (theologian)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dean_Cain=Dean Cain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Larry_Trask=Larry Trask
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rashid-al-Din_Hamadani=Rashid-al-Din Hamadani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Brown_(physician)=John Brown (physician)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Julie_Cook=Julie Cook
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Brown_(minister)=John Brown (minister)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lizz_Winstead=Lizz Winstead
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eddie_Eagan=Eddie Eagan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/J._Cleaveland_Cady=J. Cleaveland Cady
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Mansfield=Michael Mansfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Blackmore=Richard Blackmore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Dennis_(dramatist)=John Dennis (dramatist)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hubert_Gregg=Hubert Gregg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Savage=Richard Savage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kris_Burm=Kris Burm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Savage,_4th_Earl_Rivers=Richard Savage, 4th Earl Rivers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Grey,_2nd_Earl_of_Stamford=Thomas Grey, 2nd Earl of Stamford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Grey,_1st_Earl_of_Stamford=Henry Grey, 1st Earl of Stamford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Grey,_Lord_Grey_of_Groby=Thomas Grey, Lord Grey of Groby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Verwer=George Verwer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ken_Morse=Ken Morse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Evi_Goffin=Evi Goffin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daniel_Haines=Daniel Haines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fred_04=Fred 04
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ryan_Merriman=Ryan Merriman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leonid_Khachiyan=Leonid Khachiyan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karl_Weintraub=Karl Weintraub
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buffalo_Bob_Smith=Buffalo Bob Smith
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_N._Little=John N. Little
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ovadia_Yosef=Ovadia Yosef
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kim_Polese=Kim Polese
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andreas_Whittam_Smith=Andreas Whittam Smith
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alan_Hale,_Jr.=Alan Hale, Jr.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Margaret_Stumpp=Margaret Stumpp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frederic_Hsieh=Frederic Hsieh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kanzi=Kanzi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Ernst_Worrell_Keely=John Ernst Worrell Keely
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joe_Hockey=Joe Hockey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Polly_Matzinger=Polly Matzinger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ahmed_Santos_(newspaper_columnist)=Ahmed Santos (newspaper columnist)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Spencer_Ashbee=Henry Spencer Ashbee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ali_Atwa=Ali Atwa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Haines=William Haines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brad_Friedel=Brad Friedel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frank_Stronach=Frank Stronach
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elmer_Knutson=Elmer Knutson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alistair_Appleton=Alistair Appleton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Ledeen=Michael Ledeen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Mill=Henry Mill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Herbert_Zimmermann_(football_commentator)=Herbert Zimmermann (football commentator)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Preben_Hertoft=Preben Hertoft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Foster_Peabody=George Foster Peabody
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brian_Heap=Brian Heap
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johnny_Hardwick=Johnny Hardwick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Mellon_Scaife=Richard Mellon Scaife
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chris_Davies=Chris Davies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jim_Nicholson_(politician)=Jim Nicholson (politician)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Mackay_Brown=George Mackay Brown
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Katherine_Lanpher=Katherine Lanpher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Woolf=Henry Woolf
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sonny_Til=Sonny Til
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shirley_Chisholm=Shirley Chisholm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jakow_Trachtenberg=Jakow Trachtenberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Corkill=Richard Corkill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arun_Nehru=Arun Nehru
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buddy_Wasisname=Buddy Wasisname
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Gerard,_2nd_Earl_of_Macclesfield=Charles Gerard, 2nd Earl of Macclesfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Gerard,_1st_Earl_of_Macclesfield=Charles Gerard, 1st Earl of Macclesfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Parker,_2nd_Earl_of_Macclesfield=George Parker, 2nd Earl of Macclesfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/K._Karunakaran=K. Karunakaran
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laonikos_Chalkokondyles=Laonikos Chalkokondyles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pier_Angelo_Manzolli=Pier Angelo Manzolli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tony_Slattery=Tony Slattery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ed_Schultz=Ed Schultz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_Clarke_(Irish_republican)=Tom Clarke (Irish republican)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kyoko_Fukada=Kyoko Fukada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Al_Dubin=Al Dubin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Julie_Nixon_Eisenhower=Julie Nixon Eisenhower
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giles_Goschen,_4th_Viscount_Goschen=Giles Goschen, 4th Viscount Goschen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Simon_Frith=Simon Frith
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paula_Vogel=Paula Vogel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tony_Fletcher=Tony Fletcher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Auburn=David Auburn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nick_Ut=Nick Ut
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacques_Attali=Jacques Attali
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mark_Walsh_(businessman)=Mark Walsh (businessman)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Robinson_Clark=William Robinson Clark
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marty_Kaplan=Marty Kaplan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_H._Hobart=John H. Hobart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Segal=George Segal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parker_Posey=Parker Posey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ben_Cohen_(businessman)=Ben Cohen (businessman)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atrios=Atrios
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Dean=John Dean
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robin_Hanson=Robin Hanson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_D._Ryder=Richard D. Ryder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Ryder_(politician,_born_1766)=Richard Ryder (politician, born 1766)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Nolan_(American_author)=David Nolan (American author)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marcel_Chaput=Marcel Chaput
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Serge_Lepeltier=Serge Lepeltier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Constantine_Papadakis=Constantine Papadakis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_P._Livanos=George P. Livanos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Tate_Regan=Charles Tate Regan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Bay=Michael Bay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zurab_Tchiaberashvili=Zurab Tchiaberashvili
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Levitt=William Levitt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Platt=Edward Platt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dick_Gautier=Dick Gautier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bernie_Kopell=Bernie Kopell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dorothy_Canfield_Fisher=Dorothy Canfield Fisher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Deacon_(actor)=Richard Deacon (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kathleen_Kennedy_(film_producer)=Kathleen Kennedy (film producer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philip_D._Zelikow=Philip D. Zelikow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Achilles_Tatius=Achilles Tatius
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Constance_Bennett=Constance Bennett
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jampa_Tsering=Jampa Tsering
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gloria_Morgan_Vanderbilt=Gloria Morgan Vanderbilt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hassan_Hanafi=Hassan Hanafi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brandon_deWilde=Brandon deWilde
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Josiah_Strong=Josiah Strong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harry_Segall=Harry Segall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antoni_Pitxot=Antoni Pitxot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Smith_(Ohio_Senator)=John Smith (Ohio Senator)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clare_Kramer=Clare Kramer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Levi_Asher=Levi Asher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wolf_Szmuness=Wolf Szmuness
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Coyote=Peter Coyote
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bajram_Curri=Bajram Curri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Howard_Russell=William Howard Russell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joel_Madden=Joel Madden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Bracewell=Michael Bracewell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Psusennes_III=Psusennes III
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_B._McCormick=Joseph B. McCormick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lewis_Silkin,_1st_Baron_Silkin=Lewis Silkin, 1st Baron Silkin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bertrand_Cantat=Bertrand Cantat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Brandon=Michael Brandon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abel_Meeropol=Abel Meeropol
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_Ditters_von_Dittersdorf=Carl Ditters von Dittersdorf
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Everett_Hale=Edward Everett Hale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giuseppe_Bonno=Giuseppe Bonno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walid_bin_Attash=Walid bin Attash
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laurie_Oakes=Laurie Oakes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_S._Herman=Edward S. Herman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ann_Prentiss=Ann Prentiss
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dashan=Dashan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Timothy_Sprigge=Timothy Sprigge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Wimber=John Wimber
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jigme_Wangchuck=Jigme Wangchuck
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pherecydes_of_Leros=Pherecydes of Leros
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jigme_Dorji_Wangchuck=Jigme Dorji Wangchuck
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gurcharan_Singh_Tohra=Gurcharan Singh Tohra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicholas_Lowther,_2nd_Viscount_Ullswater=Nicholas Lowther, 2nd Viscount Ullswater
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paolo_Bollini=Paolo Bollini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marino_Riccardi=Marino Riccardi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roger_Abiut=Roger Abiut
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dan_Gillmor=Dan Gillmor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Bell_(actor)=John Bell (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bruce_Beresford=Bruce Beresford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Augustus_Semlin=Charles Augustus Semlin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kaja_Foglio=Kaja Foglio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maximilien_Luce=Maximilien Luce
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Hargreaves=George Hargreaves
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vasily_Trediakovsky=Vasily Trediakovsky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jane_Campion=Jane Campion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benjamin_Robins=Benjamin Robins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Stepney=George Stepney
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bruce_Wilkinson=Bruce Wilkinson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mal_Walden=Mal Walden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dick_James=Dick James
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eduardo_Chillida=Eduardo Chillida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vincenzo_da_Filicaja=Vincenzo da Filicaja
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Annette_Daniels=Annette Daniels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Erika_Mann=Erika Mann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Enrique_Grau=Enrique Grau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Golo_Mann=Golo Mann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Te_Whiti_o_Rongomai=Te Whiti o Rongomai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Marc_Brunel=Henry Marc Brunel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zero_Mostel=Zero Mostel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_R._Forstchen=William R. Forstchen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ward_Moore=Ward Moore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nat_Schachner=Nat Schachner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Leslie_Mackay=George Leslie Mackay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marla_Hanson=Marla Hanson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Hersant=Robert Hersant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Sturridge=Charles Sturridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chris_Barbosa=Chris Barbosa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Denis_McCullough=Denis McCullough
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stanton_A._Coblentz=Stanton A. Coblentz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Maxfield=Richard Maxfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Herbert_Turner=John Herbert Turner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lynn_Abbey=Lynn Abbey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Sears_(physician)=William Sears (physician)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buford_Pusser=Buford Pusser
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Noble=Richard Noble
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexandre_de_Marenches=Alexandre de Marenches
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Russell_Boyd=Russell Boyd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jon_Bridgman=Jon Bridgman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ahmad_Ziwar_Pasha=Ahmad Ziwar Pasha
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lee_Strasberg=Lee Strasberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alan_Cranston=Alan Cranston
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baron_Ardenerie=Baron Ardenerie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bradley_Kincaid=Bradley Kincaid
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ernest_Duchesne=Ernest Duchesne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michel_Mayor=Michel Mayor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Maxwell_Fyfe,_1st_Earl_of_Kilmuir=David Maxwell Fyfe, 1st Earl of Kilmuir
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Timmy_Mallett=Timmy Mallett
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reginald_Manningham-Buller,_1st_Viscount_Dilhorne=Reginald Manningham-Buller, 1st Viscount Dilhorne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giles_Corey=Giles Corey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Imee_Marcos=Imee Marcos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giovanni_Capurro=Giovanni Capurro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trevanian=Trevanian
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeffrey_Jones=Jeffrey Jones
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Uglow_Pope=George Uglow Pope
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Twitchell=Paul Twitchell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karen_Silkwood=Karen Silkwood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_O'Reilly_(politician)=John O'Reilly (politician)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Humphry_Ditton=Humphry Ditton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philipp_Nicodemus_Frischlin=Philipp Nicodemus Frischlin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Loyd_Blankenship=Loyd Blankenship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilhelm_Hauff=Wilhelm Hauff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Bellingham=John Bellingham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dennis_Waterman=Dennis Waterman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Howard,_1st_Earl_of_Suffolk=Thomas Howard, 1st Earl of Suffolk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jim_Knopf=Jim Knopf
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Howard,_3rd_Earl_of_Suffolk=James Howard, 3rd Earl of Suffolk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giles_Romilly=Giles Romilly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thom_Jones=Thom Jones
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Gamkrelidze=David Gamkrelidze
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hosokawa_Gracia=Hosokawa Gracia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fred_M._Vinson=Fred M. Vinson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Willingale=Thomas Willingale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tiradentes=Tiradentes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Julius_von_Verdy_du_Vernois=Julius von Verdy du Vernois
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bertha_Benz=Bertha Benz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kurt_Atterberg=Kurt Atterberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elaine_May=Elaine May
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_Golisano=Tom Golisano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hugh_Carey=Hugh Carey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_McDougall=Alexander McDougall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Niels_Gade=Niels Gade
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ron_Brown_(U.S._politician)=Ron Brown (U.S. politician)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hans_Alfredson=Hans Alfredson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hans_Conried=Hans Conried
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ahmose,_son_of_Ebana=Ahmose, son of Ebana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Donald_Woods=Donald Woods
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Serge_Dassault=Serge Dassault
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Simone_Veil=Simone Veil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nell_Gwyn=Nell Gwyn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friedrich_Ancillon=Friedrich Ancillon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Lee_(forensic_scientist)=Henry Lee (forensic scientist)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carlo_Alberto_Biggini=Carlo Alberto Biggini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Max_Schreck=Max Schreck
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dorothy_Kilgallen=Dorothy Kilgallen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marg_Helgenberger=Marg Helgenberger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benjamin_C._Thompson=Benjamin C. Thompson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guillaume_Postel=Guillaume Postel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Ehrenberg=Paul Ehrenberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ashley_Bramall=Ashley Bramall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jan_Sierhuis=Jan Sierhuis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vincent_Hanna=Vincent Hanna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Russell_Pope=John Russell Pope
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis_Renault_(industrialist)=Louis Renault (industrialist)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christine_Boutin=Christine Boutin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anthony_Ashley-Cooper,_3rd_Earl_of_Shaftesbury=Anthony Ashley-Cooper, 3rd Earl of Shaftesbury
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicholas_Murray_Butler=Nicholas Murray Butler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierre_Verger=Pierre Verger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alphonso_Taft=Alphonso Taft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benjamin_Hornigold=Benjamin Hornigold
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Knock_Yokoyama=Knock Yokoyama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roger_Christie=Roger Christie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ptolemy_IX_Lathyros=Ptolemy IX Lathyros
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Mackay,_Baron_Mackay_of_Clashfern=James Mackay, Baron Mackay of Clashfern
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tim_Renton,_Baron_Renton_of_Mount_Harry=Tim Renton, Baron Renton of Mount Harry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeffrey_Katzenberg=Jeffrey Katzenberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ulf-Dietrich_Reips=Ulf-Dietrich Reips
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cliff_Bleszinski=Cliff Bleszinski
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Feodor_Chaliapin=Feodor Chaliapin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Pond=Peter Pond
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_Rousseau_(violist)=Jean Rousseau (violist)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_Shepherd=Jean Shepherd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierre_Dugua,_Sieur_de_Mons=Pierre Dugua, Sieur de Mons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walter_Abel=Walter Abel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_McCormack_(tenor)=John McCormack (tenor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Haym_Salomon=Haym Salomon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lucian_Blaga=Lucian Blaga
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Balan_K._Nair=Balan K. Nair
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Penelope_Ann_Miller=Penelope Ann Miller
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nilo_Soruco=Nilo Soruco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Timothy_Evans=Timothy Evans
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Takashi_Yanase=Takashi Yanase
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ivan_Fyodorov_(printer)=Ivan Fyodorov (printer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gerald_Wellesley,_7th_Duke_of_Wellington=Gerald Wellesley, 7th Duke of Wellington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dorothy_Wellesley,_Duchess_of_Wellington=Dorothy Wellesley, Duchess of Wellington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elizabeth_Clyde=Elizabeth Clyde
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Savion_Glover=Savion Glover
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_H._Keith,_Jr.=William H. Keith, Jr.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Keleghan=Peter Keleghan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arthur_Wellesley,_4th_Duke_of_Wellington=Arthur Wellesley, 4th Duke of Wellington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lord_Charles_Wellesley=Lord Charles Wellesley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Pierrepont_(diplomat)=Henry Pierrepont (diplomat)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raymond_Flynn=Raymond Flynn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ernie_Krivda=Ernie Krivda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/L_Peter_Deutsch=L Peter Deutsch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luzzasco_Luzzaschi=Luzzasco Luzzaschi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wovoka=Wovoka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Piapot=Piapot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frithjof_Schuon=Frithjof Schuon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ralph_Macchio=Ralph Macchio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Khaled_Kelkal=Khaled Kelkal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hugh_Borton=Hugh Borton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Constantius_Gallus=Constantius Gallus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saburo_Ienaga=Saburo Ienaga
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patrick_Bruel=Patrick Bruel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maia_Chiburdanidze=Maia Chiburdanidze
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Aldrich=Robert Aldrich
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reg_Goodwin=Reg Goodwin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gale_Sondergaard=Gale Sondergaard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chris_Kattan=Chris Kattan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gogi_Grant=Gogi Grant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hak_Ja_Han=Hak Ja Han
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Denise_Lor=Denise Lor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Derlei=Derlei
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Alan_Gardner=James Alan Gardner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_S._Johnson=David S. Johnson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeremy_Clyde=Jeremy Clyde
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gustav_Schwab=Gustav Schwab
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boris_Hagelin=Boris Hagelin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Jopling,_Baron_Jopling=Michael Jopling, Baron Jopling
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scott_Vanstone=Scott Vanstone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clyde_Apperson=Clyde Apperson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mark_Lipovetsky=Mark Lipovetsky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Herbert_William_Garratt=Herbert William Garratt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gilbert_Vernam=Gilbert Vernam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Hebern=Edward Hebern
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tariq_Anwar_(politician)=Tariq Anwar (politician)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ned_Rorem=Ned Rorem
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Douglas_H._Ginsburg=Douglas H. Ginsburg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_H._Billington=James H. Billington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Joy=Robert Joy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Te_Puea_Herangi=Te Puea Herangi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Debra_Wong_Yang=Debra Wong Yang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Hass=Robert Hass
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ivan_Boesky=Ivan Boesky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Darren=James Darren
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alex_Jennings=Alex Jennings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edith_Masai=Edith Masai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Hobart,_4th_Earl_of_Buckinghamshire=Robert Hobart, 4th Earl of Buckinghamshire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Smith-Stanley,_12th_Earl_of_Derby=Edward Smith-Stanley, 12th Earl of Derby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Bathurst=Charles Bathurst
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Arbuthnot=Charles Arbuthnot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vasily_Degtyaryov=Vasily Degtyaryov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brad_Hall=Brad Hall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Massasoit=Massasoit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeffrey_Tambor=Jeffrey Tambor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Sumter=Thomas Sumter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shelley_Long=Shelley Long
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henryk_Wieniawski=Henryk Wieniawski
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shoukichi_Kina=Shoukichi Kina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anton_Kutter=Anton Kutter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_Skene=Alexander Skene
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yun_Seon-do=Yun Seon-do
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karl_Shuker=Karl Shuker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Timothy_Porteous=Timothy Porteous
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Whitey_Bulger=Whitey Bulger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anatoly_Popov=Anatoly Popov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dennis_Nilsen=Dennis Nilsen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isaac_Hayward=Isaac Hayward
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sandra_White=Sandra White
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Desmond_Taylor=William Desmond Taylor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicola_Sturgeon=Nicola Sturgeon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christopher_Hewett=Christopher Hewett
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeff_Douglas=Jeff Douglas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guy_Williams_(actor)=Guy Williams (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Otto_Strasser=Otto Strasser
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mary_Miles_Minter=Mary Miles Minter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mabel_Normand=Mabel Normand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lord_Granville_Somerset=Lord Granville Somerset
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Nisbet-Hamilton=Robert Nisbet-Hamilton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Strutt,_1st_Baron_Belper=Edward Strutt, 1st Baron Belper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antonino_Tringali-Casanova=Antonino Tringali-Casanova
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Otto_Nicolai=Otto Nicolai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Fries=John Fries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ari_Meyers=Ari Meyers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chris_Cooper=Chris Cooper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anna_Massey=Anna Massey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Duryodhana=Duryodhana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Julia_Wolfe=Julia Wolfe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Brassey,_1st_Earl_Brassey=Thomas Brassey, 1st Earl Brassey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frank_Snepp=Frank Snepp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elizabeth_Witmer=Elizabeth Witmer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phil_Hine=Phil Hine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cam_Jackson=Cam Jackson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eloise_Jarvis_McGraw=Eloise Jarvis McGraw
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_Tollmann=Alexander Tollmann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Morton_Kaplan=Morton Kaplan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Desmond_Plummer=Desmond Plummer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hideo_Nakata=Hideo Nakata
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Salvino_D'Armati=Salvino D'Armati
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Senta_Berger=Senta Berger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chipper_Lowell=Chipper Lowell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Mahoney=John Mahoney
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phaswane_Mpe=Phaswane Mpe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tyrone_Power=Tyrone Power
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Mitchell_(Canadian_politician)=James Mitchell (Canadian politician)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nia_Vardalos=Nia Vardalos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sarah_Polley=Sarah Polley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Prescott=Robert Prescott
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bodhisena=Bodhisena
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Smith_(actor)=William Smith (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yegor_Ligachyov=Yegor Ligachyov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nick_Auf_der_Maur=Nick Auf der Maur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mahinda_Rajapaksa=Mahinda Rajapaksa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Art_James=Art James
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frank_Fasi=Frank Fasi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacob_do_Bandolim=Jacob do Bandolim
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fred_Gaisberg=Fred Gaisberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mikheil_Tsereteli=Mikheil Tsereteli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierre_d'Ailly=Pierre d'Ailly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Hincks=Edward Hincks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pier_Gerlofs_Donia=Pier Gerlofs Donia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Conrad_Baars=Conrad Baars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ian_Vine=Ian Vine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clements_Markham=Clements Markham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frederick_Kambemba_Yamusangie=Frederick Kambemba Yamusangie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Victor_Gruen=Victor Gruen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wesley_Bolin=Wesley Bolin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Father_Hendricks=Father Hendricks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nikolai_Petrovsky=Nikolai Petrovsky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barry_Stevens_(therapist)=Barry Stevens (therapist)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ernestine_Rose=Ernestine Rose
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mark_Pincus=Mark Pincus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yvonne_Printemps=Yvonne Printemps
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sacha_Guitry=Sacha Guitry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/El_Hadji_Diouf=El Hadji Diouf
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maria_Montez=Maria Montez
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Murray_Halberg=Murray Halberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Delphine_Seyrig=Delphine Seyrig
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dabney_Coleman=Dabney Coleman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Smith_Ely,_Jr.=Smith Ely, Jr.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sonali_Bendre=Sonali Bendre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Junya_Sato=Junya Sato
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Neil_Fletcher=Neil Fletcher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Connie_Mack=Connie Mack
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pietro_Cascella=Pietro Cascella
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kaneto_Shindo=Kaneto Shindo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georg_Christoph_Wagenseil=Georg Christoph Wagenseil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/G._K._Vasan=G. K. Vasan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrew_Graham_(astronomer)=Andrew Graham (astronomer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maria_Boniecka=Maria Boniecka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christopher_Chataway=Christopher Chataway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gretchen_Franklin=Gretchen Franklin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacques_Kinnaer=Jacques Kinnaer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Garry_Runciman,_3rd_Viscount_Runciman_of_Doxford=Garry Runciman, 3rd Viscount Runciman of Doxford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Hall_(actor)=George Hall (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Geli_Raubal=Geli Raubal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Horace_Parnell_Tuttle=Horace Parnell Tuttle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alice_Roosevelt_Longworth=Alice Roosevelt Longworth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Force_Crater=Joseph Force Crater
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raja_Jemaah=Raja Jemaah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tengku_Zainab=Tengku Zainab
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tengku_Afzan=Tengku Afzan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Campbell_Newman=Campbell Newman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tim_Quinn=Tim Quinn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jim_Soorley=Jim Soorley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bryn_Davies=Bryn Davies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jaimini=Jaimini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_Dufresne=Jean Dufresne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pieter_de_Hooch=Pieter de Hooch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Lennon=Paul Lennon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Auguste_Charlois=Auguste Charlois
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ambrogio_Calepino=Ambrogio Calepino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lee_H._Hamilton=Lee H. Hamilton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vladimir_Bukovsky=Vladimir Bukovsky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yang_Huanming=Yang Huanming
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Everson=Michael Everson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amr_Khaled=Amr Khaled
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arnolt_Schlick=Arnolt Schlick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Ben-Veniste=Richard Ben-Veniste
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liu_Yong_(Song_dynasty)=Liu Yong (Song dynasty)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Claude_Lise=Claude Lise
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giovanni_Bononcini=Giovanni Bononcini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Garcia_de_Resende=Garcia de Resende
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alessandro_Alessandri=Alessandro Alessandri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Loggia=Robert Loggia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_North_(politician)=Peter North (politician)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mary_Sue_Hubbard=Mary Sue Hubbard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patrick_Bouvier_Kennedy=Patrick Bouvier Kennedy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Strang=James Strang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Federico_Maria_Sardelli=Federico Maria Sardelli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfred_Newman_(composer)=Alfred Newman (composer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_W._Christy=James W. Christy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sharon_Pratt_Kelly=Sharon Pratt Kelly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joel_Feinberg=Joel Feinberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_McClelland_(American_politician)=Robert McClelland (American politician)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jerry_Orbach=Jerry Orbach
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Max_Rostal=Max Rostal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wang_Toghtua_Bukha=Wang Toghtua Bukha
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_D._Richardson=James D. Richardson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ram_Jethmalani=Ram Jethmalani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dimitris_Tsovolas=Dimitris Tsovolas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joe_Coleman_(painter)=Joe Coleman (painter)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eli_Yishai=Eli Yishai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Binyamin_Elon=Binyamin Elon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dan_Haggerty=Dan Haggerty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mat_Maneri=Mat Maneri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bill_Rancic=Bill Rancic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ed_Sanders=Ed Sanders
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Morgenthau,_Jr.=Henry Morgenthau, Jr.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Londer_Tsaava=Londer Tsaava
http://dbpedia.org/resource/H._Craig_Severance=H. Craig Severance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charlotte_Rae=Charlotte Rae
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Lehman=John Lehman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Denise_Lewis=Denise Lewis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_Byers=Tom Byers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brook_Byers=Brook Byers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierre_Pflimlin=Pierre Pflimlin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bobby_Notkoff=Bobby Notkoff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ellen_Feiss=Ellen Feiss
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Croc_(game_designer)=Croc (game designer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jane_Leeves=Jane Leeves
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anagarika_Dharmapala=Anagarika Dharmapala
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_Peters=Carl Peters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elizabeth_Boleyn,_Countess_of_Wiltshire=Elizabeth Boleyn, Countess of Wiltshire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_Friedrich_Goerdeler=Carl Friedrich Goerdeler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adriaan_de_Groot=Adriaan de Groot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean-Guillaume,_baron_Hyde_de_Neuville=Jean-Guillaume, baron Hyde de Neuville
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Darko=George Darko
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albert_von_Le_Coq=Albert von Le Coq
http://dbpedia.org/resource/B._K._S._Iyengar=B. K. S. Iyengar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilhelm_Scherer=Wilhelm Scherer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georg_Ludwig_von_Maurer=Georg Ludwig von Maurer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Hickes=George Hickes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alice_Lisle=Alice Lisle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jan_Jakob_Lodewijk_ten_Kate=Jan Jakob Lodewijk ten Kate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mikhail_Ippolitov-Ivanov=Mikhail Ippolitov-Ivanov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_Georges_Lefranc_de_Pompignan=Jean Georges Lefranc de Pompignan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rasmus_Rask=Rasmus Rask
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Webbe_Dasent=George Webbe Dasent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Thadeus_Delane=John Thadeus Delane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stanley_Finch=Stanley Finch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacques_Bernard_Hombron=Jacques Bernard Hombron
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nestor_the_Chronicler=Nestor the Chronicler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Malalas=John Malalas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Wansbrough=John Wansbrough
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anthony_Davis_(composer)=Anthony Davis (composer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_M._Deutch=John M. Deutch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frances_Morrell=Frances Morrell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Millicent_Martin=Millicent Martin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gerald_Campion=Gerald Campion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fred_Emney=Fred Emney
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fernando_Lamas=Fernando Lamas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Athene_Seyler=Athene Seyler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sharon_Carstairs=Sharon Carstairs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harry_de_Windt=Harry de Windt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sokuhi_Nyoitsu=Sokuhi Nyoitsu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Catherine_Wolfe_Bruce=Catherine Wolfe Bruce
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samuel_Scheidt=Samuel Scheidt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jim_Barksdale=Jim Barksdale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andy_Savoy=Andy Savoy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eihi_Shiina=Eihi Shiina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fathi_Eljahmi=Fathi Eljahmi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abu_Salem=Abu Salem
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Larisa_Bogoraz=Larisa Bogoraz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edith_McGuire=Edith McGuire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Weesaw=Weesaw
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Donnie_Wahlberg=Donnie Wahlberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Juan_Babauta=Juan Babauta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Irene_Uchida=Irene Uchida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Geminiano_Montanari=Geminiano Montanari
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frank_Wills_(security_guard)=Frank Wills (security guard)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ghada_Shouaa=Ghada Shouaa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Horia_Sima=Horia Sima
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rosamond_McKitterick=Rosamond McKitterick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack_Hanna=Jack Hanna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Haywood=John Haywood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexandra_Kosteniuk=Alexandra Kosteniuk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joses=Joses
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Wise_(clergyman)=John Wise (clergyman)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saint_Wenna=Saint Wenna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hikaru_Nakamura=Hikaru Nakamura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_Jakob_Sundevall=Carl Jakob Sundevall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silvestre_Revueltas=Silvestre Revueltas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Allen_Mandelbaum=Allen Mandelbaum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johannes_Janssen=Johannes Janssen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eduard_Winkelmann=Eduard Winkelmann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heinrich_Kuhl=Heinrich Kuhl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_A._Lovett=Robert A. Lovett
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sir_John_Donne=Sir John Donne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wawatam=Wawatam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Neil_H._McElroy=Neil H. McElroy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_S._Gates,_Jr.=Thomas S. Gates, Jr.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ernest_Bloch=Ernest Bloch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alain_Tanner=Alain Tanner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elizabeth_Blount=Elizabeth Blount
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_R._Schlesinger=James R. Schlesinger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harold_Brown_(Secretary_of_Defense)=Harold Brown (Secretary of Defense)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack_Klugman=Jack Klugman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karl_Berger=Karl Berger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moon_Zappa=Moon Zappa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daniel_Carter_(musician)=Daniel Carter (musician)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rashid_Bakr=Rashid Bakr
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frank_Bridge=Frank Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kermit_Driscoll=Kermit Driscoll
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ernest_Fenollosa=Ernest Fenollosa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kurt_Hirsch=Kurt Hirsch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maurice_Kendall=Maurice Kendall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chenjerai_Hove=Chenjerai Hove
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tristan_Honsinger=Tristan Honsinger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Engel=Peter Engel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Salmon=George Salmon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Howard,_1st_Earl_of_Nottingham=Charles Howard, 1st Earl of Nottingham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Stephenson=William Stephenson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joe_Bossano=Joe Bossano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Gill_(astronomer)=David Gill (astronomer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hermann_Carl_Vogel=Hermann Carl Vogel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sanford_Berman=Sanford Berman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zachary_Scott=Zachary Scott
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yaphet_Kotto=Yaphet Kotto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daniel_Lionel_Hanington=Daniel Lionel Hanington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrew_Rainsford_Wetmore=Andrew Rainsford Wetmore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raymond_Smith_Dugan=Raymond Smith Dugan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martin_Lichtenstein=Martin Lichtenstein
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Juan_Ignacio_Molina=Juan Ignacio Molina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nathan_Fillion=Nathan Fillion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_McKenzie_(psephologist)=Robert McKenzie (psephologist)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alby_Mangels=Alby Mangels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Betty_Boo=Betty Boo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deusdedit_of_Canterbury=Deusdedit of Canterbury
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Osthryth=Osthryth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Margaret_Hamilton_(actress)=Margaret Hamilton (actress)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beornred_of_Mercia=Beornred of Mercia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Horsfield=Thomas Horsfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Larry_Fine=Larry Fine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Diamond_(composer)=David Diamond (composer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_McGarel-Hogg,_1st_Baron_Magheramorne=James McGarel-Hogg, 1st Baron Magheramorne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marianne_Brandt=Marianne Brandt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alberto_Ginastera=Alberto Ginastera
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eduard_von_Bauernfeld=Eduard von Bauernfeld
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Forsythe_(actor)=William Forsythe (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kotono_Mitsuishi=Kotono Mitsuishi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Al-Waqidi=Al-Waqidi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eleanor_F._Helin=Eleanor F. Helin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nadine_Strossen=Nadine Strossen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alan_Hale,_Sr.=Alan Hale, Sr.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacques_Ibert=Jacques Ibert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steve_Ross_(director)=Steve Ross (director)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stephen_Van_Rensselaer=Stephen Van Rensselaer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baibars_II=Baibars II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karl_Wilhelm_Reinmuth=Karl Wilhelm Reinmuth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benjamin_McKenzie=Benjamin McKenzie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daniel_du_Toit=Daniel du Toit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samuel_Gottlieb_Gmelin=Samuel Gottlieb Gmelin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Opchanacanough=Opchanacanough
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_Twilight=Alexander Twilight
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frank_Stenton=Frank Stenton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Bennet_Forbes=Robert Bennet Forbes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicolaus_Rohlfs=Nicolaus Rohlfs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Rohlfs=Charles Rohlfs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alceo_Dossena=Alceo Dossena
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gerhard_Rohlfs=Gerhard Rohlfs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roland_Rohlfs=Roland Rohlfs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ewald_Rohlfs=Ewald Rohlfs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kristen_Rohlfs=Kristen Rohlfs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eva_Ahnert-Rohlfs=Eva Ahnert-Rohlfs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christian_Rohlfs=Christian Rohlfs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stephanie_Romanov=Stephanie Romanov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Percy_Mockler=Percy Mockler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arjan_Erkel=Arjan Erkel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Edwin_King=George Edwin King
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albert_S._Burleson=Albert S. Burleson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tim_Sweeney_(game_developer)=Tim Sweeney (game developer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eric_Walter_Elst=Eric Walter Elst
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lew_Grade=Lew Grade
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Levy_(chess_player)=David Levy (chess player)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_H._Levy=David H. Levy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Susan_McDougal=Susan McDougal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Allison_Mack=Allison Mack
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eamon_Duffy=Eamon Duffy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Soul=David Soul
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miri_Rubin=Miri Rubin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Masahiro_Shinoda=Masahiro Shinoda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nagasena=Nagasena
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tetsu_Sawaki=Tetsu Sawaki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_G._Harrington=Robert G. Harrington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Fisher_(Canadian_politician)=Charles Fisher (Canadian politician)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Sutton_Harrington=Robert Sutton Harrington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Josh_Billings=Josh Billings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greig_Pickhaver=Greig Pickhaver
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Doyle_(comedian)=John Doyle (comedian)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Archibald_Sayce=Archibald Sayce
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jud_Taylor=Jud Taylor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patrick_Guerriero=Patrick Guerriero
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Solomon_Spalding=Solomon Spalding
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lewis_A._Swift=Lewis A. Swift
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Panait_Istrati=Panait Istrati
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francesco_de_Vico=Francesco de Vico
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Malcolm_Bradbury=Malcolm Bradbury
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iban_Mayo=Iban Mayo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philibert_Jacques_Melotte=Philibert Jacques Melotte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack_Shulman=Jack Shulman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ivor_Richard,_Baron_Richard=Ivor Richard, Baron Richard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cassandra_Latham=Cassandra Latham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Margherita_Sarfatti=Margherita Sarfatti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Narcisse-Achille_de_Salvandy=Narcisse-Achille de Salvandy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierre-Antoine_Lebrun=Pierre-Antoine Lebrun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Death_of_Damilola_Taylor=Death of Damilola Taylor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Russell,_6th_Duke_of_Bedford=John Russell, 6th Duke of Bedford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roch-Ambroise_Cucurron_Sicard=Roch-Ambroise Cucurron Sicard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Simeon_Bekbulatovich=Simeon Bekbulatovich
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arnold_Ridley=Arnold Ridley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Martin_West=Richard Martin West
http://dbpedia.org/resource/J._B._Bury=J. B. Bury
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heinrich_August_Winkler=Heinrich August Winkler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frederick_Hervey,_8th_Marquess_of_Bristol=Frederick Hervey, 8th Marquess of Bristol
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Denis-Luc_Frayssinous=Denis-Luc Frayssinous
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Victor_Cherbuliez=Victor Cherbuliez
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis_Jules_Mancini_Mazarini=Louis Jules Mancini Mazarini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philip_Sclater=Philip Sclater
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gregory_Mathews=Gregory Mathews
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Archibald_Campbell_Jordan=Archibald Campbell Jordan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brian_Houghton_Hodgson=Brian Houghton Hodgson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Viktoria_(singer)=Viktoria (singer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Engelbrekt_Engelbrektsson=Engelbrekt Engelbrektsson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexandre-Vincent_Pineux_Duval=Alexandre-Vincent Pineux Duval
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walter_Lea=Walter Lea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Olive_Thomas=Olive Thomas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierre-Simon_Ballanche=Pierre-Simon Ballanche
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrei_Platonov=Andrei Platonov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Englund=Robert Englund
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cornelius_Vanderbilt_III=Cornelius Vanderbilt III
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pieter_Boddaert=Pieter Boddaert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sabir_Mateen=Sabir Mateen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Hooker_(musician)=William Hooker (musician)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alphonso_Jackson=Alphonso Jackson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gene_Greene=Gene Greene
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mounir_el-Motassadeq=Mounir el-Motassadeq
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Enrico_Gatti=Enrico Gatti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Desi_Arnaz,_Jr.=Desi Arnaz, Jr.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nabih_Berri=Nabih Berri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wen_Tsing_Chow=Wen Tsing Chow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Humphrys=John Humphrys
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zuhayr_Talib_Abd_al-Sattar_al-Naqib=Zuhayr Talib Abd al-Sattar al-Naqib
http://dbpedia.org/resource/G._William_Domhoff=G. William Domhoff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gertrude_Lawrence=Gertrude Lawrence
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Katie_Brown_(TV_personality)=Katie Brown (TV personality)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giru_of_Baekje=Giru of Baekje
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don_Pacifico=Don Pacifico
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hugh_Dancy=Hugh Dancy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gaeru_of_Baekje=Gaeru of Baekje
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sindiwe_Magona=Sindiwe Magona
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liisi_Oterma=Liisi Oterma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jay_Lovestone=Jay Lovestone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sada_Abe=Sada Abe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Katharine_Ross=Katharine Ross
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walter_Varney=Walter Varney
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joe_Albertson=Joe Albertson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Pickering_(naturalist)=Charles Pickering (naturalist)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harry_Quick=Harry Quick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jennifer_8._Lee=Jennifer 8. Lee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Galen_Strawson=Galen Strawson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrew_Claude_de_la_Cherois_Crommelin=Andrew Claude de la Cherois Crommelin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chris_Hani=Chris Hani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Francis_Skjellerup=John Francis Skjellerup
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christopher_Judge=Christopher Judge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_New=Thomas New
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bob_Murphy_(musician)=Bob Murphy (musician)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ferdinand_Peck=Ferdinand Peck
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ranulph_Fiennes=Ranulph Fiennes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gerald_Eaton=Gerald Eaton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Susan_Peters=Susan Peters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anita_Page=Anita Page
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Thwaites_(British_politician)=John Thwaites (British politician)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Ormsby-Gore,_5th_Baron_Harlech=David Ormsby-Gore, 5th Baron Harlech
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Randall_Terry=Randall Terry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sandra_Dee=Sandra Dee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carolyn_Jones=Carolyn Jones
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Harrison_(New_Zealand_politician)=Richard Harrison (New Zealand politician)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Viktor_Knorre=Viktor Knorre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Herbert_Aptheker=Herbert Aptheker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Archie_Bleyer=Archie Bleyer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nachman_Krochmal=Nachman Krochmal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jane_Wyatt=Jane Wyatt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Dudley_(explorer)=Robert Dudley (explorer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louise_Lombard=Louise Lombard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Melanie_Sykes=Melanie Sykes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Donald_Rooum=Donald Rooum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jennifer_Ellison=Jennifer Ellison
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Warren_Kinsella=Warren Kinsella
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bette_Nesmith_Graham=Bette Nesmith Graham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Kilfedder=James Kilfedder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mother_Meera=Mother Meera
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bruce_Weber_(photographer)=Bruce Weber (photographer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrea_Camilleri=Andrea Camilleri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tracy_Grandstaff=Tracy Grandstaff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carey_McWilliams_(journalist)=Carey McWilliams (journalist)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Natasha_Richardson=Natasha Richardson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kent_Brewster=Kent Brewster
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brian_Glover=Brian Glover
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Otto_Maria_Carpeaux=Otto Maria Carpeaux
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walter_Goehr=Walter Goehr
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_Goehr=Alexander Goehr
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elinor_Glyn=Elinor Glyn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henri_Joseph_Anastase_Perrotin=Henri Joseph Anastase Perrotin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frederick_Reiken=Frederick Reiken
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ian_Parmenter=Ian Parmenter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/B._B._Dickerson=B. B. Dickerson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Warren_Magnuson=Warren Magnuson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Murat_Reis_the_Elder=Murat Reis the Elder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Howard,_6th_Duke_of_Norfolk=Henry Howard, 6th Duke of Norfolk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alicia_Partnoy=Alicia Partnoy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Fitzalan-Howard,_18th_Duke_of_Norfolk=Edward Fitzalan-Howard, 18th Duke of Norfolk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samuel_Byck=Samuel Byck
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johan_Svendsen=Johan Svendsen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chogo_of_Baekje=Chogo of Baekje
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Herta_Oberheuser=Herta Oberheuser
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfred_Maseng=Alfred Maseng
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albert_Marth=Albert Marth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rob_Bishop=Rob Bishop
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tony_Scott=Tony Scott
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Gaunson=David Gaunson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Takashi_Shimizu=Takashi Shimizu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Humpy_Koneru=Humpy Koneru
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michel_Barnier=Michel Barnier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friedrich_Tietjen=Friedrich Tietjen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrew_Marshall_(foreign_policy_strategist)=Andrew Marshall (foreign policy strategist)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georges_Bonnet=Georges Bonnet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emperor_Wu_of_Southern_Qi=Emperor Wu of Southern Qi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xiao_Zhaoye=Xiao Zhaoye
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emperor_Gao_of_Southern_Qi=Emperor Gao of Southern Qi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emperor_Ming_of_Southern_Qi=Emperor Ming of Southern Qi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emperor_He_of_Southern_Qi=Emperor He of Southern Qi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xiao_Baojuan=Xiao Baojuan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Robinson_(bishop_of_Woolwich)=John Robinson (bishop of Woolwich)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stephen_Kinzer=Stephen Kinzer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patriarch_Anastasius_of_Constantinople=Patriarch Anastasius of Constantinople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Waris_Dirie=Waris Dirie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Avery_Brooks=Avery Brooks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Akshay_Kumar=Akshay Kumar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jackie_Collins=Jackie Collins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ron_Kass=Ron Kass
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martin_Farquhar_Tupper=Martin Farquhar Tupper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maxwell_Reed=Maxwell Reed
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Holm=Peter Holm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kelucharan_Mohapatra=Kelucharan Mohapatra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patrick_Warburton=Patrick Warburton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_Gustaf_von_Rosen=Carl Gustaf von Rosen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ellen_Cannon_Reed=Ellen Cannon Reed
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Girtin=Thomas Girtin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rich_Dahm=Rich Dahm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leah_Krinsky=Leah Krinsky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rick_Overton=Rick Overton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eric_Emerson=Eric Emerson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ralph_Knott=Ralph Knott
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeff_Cesario=Jeff Cesario
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_James_Sidis=William James Sidis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kelly_Macdonald=Kelly Macdonald
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liam_Aiken=Liam Aiken
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brad_Templeton=Brad Templeton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albert_Anastasia=Albert Anastasia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joan_Hickson=Joan Hickson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sigrid_the_Haughty=Sigrid the Haughty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dick_Thornburgh=Dick Thornburgh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Austin_Roberts=Austin Roberts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Michel=James Michel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vivica_A._Fox=Vivica A. Fox
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gustav_Hartlaub=Gustav Hartlaub
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marcus_George_Singer=Marcus George Singer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Valentine_Dyall=Valentine Dyall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christian_Pollas=Christian Pollas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eva_Green=Eva Green
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fred_W._Kaltenbach=Fred W. Kaltenbach
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilhelm_Julius_Foerster=Wilhelm Julius Foerster
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kenneth_Koch=Kenneth Koch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shadoe_Stevens=Shadoe Stevens
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fazio_Cardano=Fazio Cardano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mo_Udall=Mo Udall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Brodie_(programmer)=Richard Brodie (programmer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iacomo_Andrea=Iacomo Andrea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dean_Stockwell=Dean Stockwell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ernst_Toch=Ernst Toch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ernest_MacMillan=Ernest MacMillan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yegor_Gaidar=Yegor Gaidar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Colledge_Pope=James Colledge Pope
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Tergat=Paul Tergat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meldrick_Taylor=Meldrick Taylor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beatrice_Portinari=Beatrice Portinari
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bennett_Campbell=Bennett Campbell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Hensley=Joseph Hensley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Holl=John Holl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Whieldon=Thomas Whieldon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harvey_Penick=Harvey Penick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Haythorne=Robert Haythorne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Josiah_Spode=Josiah Spode
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis_Henry_Davies=Louis Henry Davies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philip_Emeagwali=Philip Emeagwali
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lemuel_Owen=Lemuel Owen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Neil_McLeod_(politician)=Neil McLeod (politician)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frederick_Peters=Frederick Peters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jan_Ladislav_Dussek=Jan Ladislav Dussek
http://dbpedia.org/resource/T._V._Sankaranarayanan=T. V. Sankaranarayanan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Annette_King=Annette King
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giovanni_da_Pian_del_Carpine=Giovanni da Pian del Carpine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mel_Patton=Mel Patton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barney_Ewell=Barney Ewell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ron_Reagan=Ron Reagan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Warren_(radio)=Peter Warren (radio)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guy_Hands=Guy Hands
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Therese_Shaheen=Therese Shaheen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marcel_Chevalier=Marcel Chevalier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antony_Lambton=Antony Lambton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prem_Singh=Prem Singh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inoke_Kubuabola=Inoke Kubuabola
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Wilson_(dramatist)=Robert Wilson (dramatist)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ewen_McQueen=Ewen McQueen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Houston_Stewart_Chamberlain=Houston Stewart Chamberlain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eric_Ericson=Eric Ericson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fabiana_Bravo=Fabiana Bravo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maurice_Kaufmann=Maurice Kaufmann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Forster=Robert Forster
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Paymer=David Paymer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greg_Kinnear=Greg Kinnear
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chazz_Palminteri=Chazz Palminteri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack_Palance=Jack Palance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bruce_Davison=Bruce Davison
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Islwyn_Ffowc_Elis=Islwyn Ffowc Elis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Timothy_Hutton=Timothy Hutton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joel_Grey=Joel Grey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis_Gossett,_Jr.=Louis Gossett, Jr.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jordan_Mechner=Jordan Mechner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bruce_Bethke=Bruce Bethke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lefty_Gomez=Lefty Gomez
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daniel_Berrigan=Daniel Berrigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carmi_Gillon=Carmi Gillon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charlotte_Hughes_(supercentenarian)=Charlotte Hughes (supercentenarian)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rogan_LaBier=Rogan LaBier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leonard_Liggio=Leonard Liggio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Al_Roker=Al Roker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Edward_Sullivan=James Edward Sullivan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Margot_Adler=Margot Adler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jordan_Frieda=Jordan Frieda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Frieda=John Frieda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Rochberg=George Rochberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Margo_Wilson=Margo Wilson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Shenstone=William Shenstone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Carstares=William Carstares
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lena_Townsend=Lena Townsend
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pamela_Bellwood=Pamela Bellwood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Merv_Griffin=Merv Griffin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harry_M._Daugherty=Harry M. Daugherty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kenneth_Norrie=Kenneth Norrie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Heminges=John Heminges
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Condell=Henry Condell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_the_Painter=Peter the Painter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rachel_Boston=Rachel Boston
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Les_Dennis=Les Dennis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friedrich_Welwitsch=Friedrich Welwitsch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Herbert_James_Palmer=Herbert James Palmer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carole_Bayer_Sager=Carole Bayer Sager
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Alexander_Mathieson=John Alexander Mathieson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Li_Jingfang=Li Jingfang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dolph_Lundgren=Dolph Lundgren
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fred_Lerdahl=Fred Lerdahl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Virgil_Fox=Virgil Fox
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_I,_Count_of_Nassau-Dillenburg=William I, Count of Nassau-Dillenburg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dave_Thomas_(actor)=Dave Thomas (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Geoff_Murphy=Geoff Murphy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bobby_Willis=Bobby Willis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Stigwood=Robert Stigwood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Graham_Capill=Graham Capill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sahure=Sahure
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Terry_Southern=Terry Southern
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tim_Sebastian=Tim Sebastian
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Catherine_Henriette_de_Balzac_d'Entragues=Catherine Henriette de Balzac d'Entragues
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mad_Dog_Coll=Mad Dog Coll
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louise_Redknapp=Louise Redknapp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bob_Spiers=Bob Spiers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meera_Syal=Meera Syal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Serge_Daney=Serge Daney
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diane_Varsi=Diane Varsi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kathy_Burke=Kathy Burke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Stanley_Faber=George Stanley Faber
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Arquette=David Arquette
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johan_Risingh=Johan Risingh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Humfrey=William Humfrey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philip_Lamantia=Philip Lamantia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sully_Diaz=Sully Diaz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dan_Margalit=Dan Margalit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dumisani_Kumalo=Dumisani Kumalo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Van_Der_Beek=James Van Der Beek
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anne_de_Pisseleu_d'Heilly=Anne de Pisseleu d'Heilly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bonnie_Nardi=Bonnie Nardi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walter_Mosley=Walter Mosley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/G._D._Spradlin=G. D. Spradlin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mitsuru_Matsui=Mitsuru Matsui
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Wilfred_Sullivan=William Wilfred Sullivan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ludwig_Fulda=Ludwig Fulda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Lombard=Peter Lombard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heinrich_Brandt=Heinrich Brandt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_Warburton=Alexander Warburton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Donald_Farquharson_(politician)=Donald Farquharson (politician)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arthur_Peters=Arthur Peters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francis_Haszard=Francis Haszard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reginald_McKenna=Reginald McKenna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Horne,_1st_Viscount_Horne_of_Slamannan=Robert Horne, 1st Viscount Horne of Slamannan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Ritchie,_1st_Baron_Ritchie_of_Dundee=Charles Ritchie, 1st Baron Ritchie of Dundee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francis_Baring,_1st_Baron_Northbrook=Francis Baring, 1st Baron Northbrook
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Houko_Kuwashima=Houko Kuwashima
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kappei_Yamaguchi=Kappei Yamaguchi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dick_Emery=Dick Emery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Sterling_(sportscaster)=John Sterling (sportscaster)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Noriko_Hidaka=Noriko Hidaka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samuel_Hoare,_1st_Viscount_Templewood=Samuel Hoare, 1st Viscount Templewood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Pratt_(politician)=David Pratt (politician)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Stewart,_Baron_Stewart_of_Fulham=Michael Stewart, Baron Stewart of Fulham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richey_Edwards=Richey Edwards
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacques_Arcadelt=Jacques Arcadelt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Mackenzie=Thomas Mackenzie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Willem_Janszoon=Willem Janszoon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stephan_Eberharter=Stephan Eberharter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tyra_Hunter=Tyra Hunter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Soundarya=Soundarya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mitsuteru_Yokoyama=Mitsuteru Yokoyama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierre_Janssen=Pierre Janssen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harry_Hillman=Harry Hillman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Augustin_Pajou=Augustin Pajou
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean-Baptiste_Isabey=Jean-Baptiste Isabey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Paul_Landon=Charles Paul Landon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_de_Bonchamps=Charles de Bonchamps
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacques_Cathelineau=Jacques Cathelineau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Doggett=Thomas Doggett
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leonid_Stadnyk=Leonid Stadnyk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Achim_Schwarze=Achim Schwarze
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jessie_MacWilliams=Jessie MacWilliams
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matthew_Henson=Matthew Henson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_McAfee=John McAfee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hermann_Hupfeld=Hermann Hupfeld
http://dbpedia.org/resource/T._James_Belich=T. James Belich
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eduard_Karl_August_Riehm=Eduard Karl August Riehm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sadako_Sasaki=Sadako Sasaki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zakes_Mokae=Zakes Mokae
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abraham_Kuenen=Abraham Kuenen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albert,_4th_duc_de_Broglie=Albert, 4th duc de Broglie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jan_Hendrik_Scholten=Jan Hendrik Scholten
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heinrich_Philipp_Konrad_Henke=Heinrich Philipp Konrad Henke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ernst_Ludwig_Theodor_Henke=Ernst Ludwig Theodor Henke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eysteinn=Eysteinn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jakob_Nielsen_(mathematician)=Jakob Nielsen (mathematician)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Bonfiglio=Robert Bonfiglio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Daniel_Morell=John Daniel Morell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edmund_Gurney=Edmund Gurney
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Will_Shortz=Will Shortz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ingvar=Ingvar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karl_Christian_Friedrich_Krause=Karl Christian Friedrich Krause
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lawrence_Patrick=Lawrence Patrick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_David_Stewart=James David Stewart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roger_de_Montgomerie,_1st_Earl_of_Shrewsbury=Roger de Montgomerie, 1st Earl of Shrewsbury
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christopher_Buckley_(novelist)=Christopher Buckley (novelist)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Makoto_Tamamura=Makoto Tamamura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daniel_Filipacchi=Daniel Filipacchi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_J._P._MacMillan=William J. P. MacMillan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Stettinius,_Jr.=Edward Stettinius, Jr.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albert_Charles_Saunders=Albert Charles Saunders
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Conte=David Conte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Howatt_Bell=John Howatt Bell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Baring,_1st_Earl_of_Northbrook=Thomas Baring, 1st Earl of Northbrook
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jerry_Sanders_(businessman)=Jerry Sanders (businessman)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ernst_Fuchs_(artist)=Ernst Fuchs (artist)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Olney=Richard Olney
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walter_Q._Gresham=Walter Q. Gresham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_M._Evarts=William M. Evarts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roger_the_Poitevin=Roger the Poitevin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_L._Marcy=William L. Marcy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christian_Mortensen=Christian Mortensen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abel_P._Upshur=Abel P. Upshur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Andrews=Edward Andrews
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alice_Pearce=Alice Pearce
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aubin-Edmond_Arsenault=Aubin-Edmond Arsenault
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henk_Sneevliet=Henk Sneevliet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thane_Campbell=Thane Campbell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/J._Hillis_Miller=J. Hillis Miller
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Walter_Jones=John Walter Jones
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_Wallace_Matheson=Alexander Wallace Matheson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walter_Russell_Shaw=Walter Russell Shaw
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alex_Campbell_(politician)=Alex Campbell (politician)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samuel_Charles_Mazzuchelli=Samuel Charles Mazzuchelli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ray_Dolby=Ray Dolby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anita_Roddick=Anita Roddick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_N._Thompson=Robert N. Thompson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lord_George_Hamilton=Lord George Hamilton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frederick_Campbell,_3rd_Earl_Cawdor=Frederick Campbell, 3rd Earl Cawdor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Marjoribanks,_2nd_Baron_Tweedmouth=Edward Marjoribanks, 2nd Baron Tweedmouth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_de_Grey,_2nd_Earl_de_Grey=Thomas de Grey, 2nd Earl de Grey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Hamilton,_9th_Earl_of_Haddington=Thomas Hamilton, 9th Earl of Haddington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roger_Palmer,_1st_Earl_of_Castlemaine=Roger Palmer, 1st Earl of Castlemaine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hugh_of_Montgomery,_2nd_Earl_of_Shrewsbury=Hugh of Montgomery, 2nd Earl of Shrewsbury
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kenneth_T._Jackson=Kenneth T. Jackson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Woodville,_3rd_Earl_Rivers=Richard Woodville, 3rd Earl Rivers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Imogene_Coca=Imogene Coca
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tim_Eyman=Tim Eyman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Spencer,_2nd_Earl_Spencer=George Spencer, 2nd Earl Spencer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Fane,_10th_Earl_of_Westmorland=John Fane, 10th Earl of Westmorland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heather_Fong=Heather Fong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Jenkinson,_1st_Earl_of_Liverpool=Charles Jenkinson, 1st Earl of Liverpool
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marc_Summers=Marc Summers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wang_Jinping=Wang Jinping
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wang_Jin-pyng=Wang Jin-pyng
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lucie_Arnaz=Lucie Arnaz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ivan_Chernyakhovsky=Ivan Chernyakhovsky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fenner_Brockway,_Baron_Brockway=Fenner Brockway, Baron Brockway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pia_Zadora=Pia Zadora
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wyndham_Halswelle=Wyndham Halswelle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clive_Ponting=Clive Ponting
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henri_I_de_Montmorency=Henri I de Montmorency
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henri_II_de_Montmorency=Henri II de Montmorency
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Morgan_Fairchild=Morgan Fairchild
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sergey_Bubka=Sergey Bubka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anna_Held=Anna Held
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marita_Koch=Marita Koch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bharat_Bhushan=Bharat Bhushan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shammi_Kapoor=Shammi Kapoor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bjarte_Flem=Bjarte Flem
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Archie_Williams=Archie Williams
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mary_Webb=Mary Webb
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Geraint_Howells=Geraint Howells
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Ollive_Mabbott=Thomas Ollive Mabbott
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Florent_Carton_Dancourt=Florent Carton Dancourt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walter_Burkert=Walter Burkert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anne_Hathaway=Anne Hathaway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clint_Bolick=Clint Bolick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don_Bluth=Don Bluth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samuel_Penhallow=Samuel Penhallow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Ker=John Ker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bob_Jones,_Sr.=Bob Jones, Sr.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tegla_Loroupe=Tegla Loroupe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Agostino_Steffani=Agostino Steffani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfred_Milner,_1st_Viscount_Milner=Alfred Milner, 1st Viscount Milner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jan_Hendrik_Hofmeyr_(Onze_Jan)=Jan Hendrik Hofmeyr (Onze Jan)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hans-Thilo_Schmidt=Hans-Thilo Schmidt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Margaret_Okayo=Margaret Okayo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emma_Freud=Emma Freud
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Butrus_al-Bustani=Butrus al-Bustani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Thomas_Stead=William Thomas Stead
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yuri_Vizbor=Yuri Vizbor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marin_Sorescu=Marin Sorescu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Omar_Bakri_Muhammad=Omar Bakri Muhammad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lady_Rose_Gilman=Lady Rose Gilman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lady_Marina_Charlotte_Windsor=Lady Marina Charlotte Windsor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mark_Shuttleworth=Mark Shuttleworth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kent_Walton=Kent Walton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carlo_Emilio_Bonferroni=Carlo Emilio Bonferroni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mark_Todd_(equestrian)=Mark Todd (equestrian)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clara_Winthrop=Clara Winthrop
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hans_Matheson=Hans Matheson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_O'Hagan,_1st_Baron_O'Hagan=Thomas O'Hagan, 1st Baron O'Hagan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grigol_Peradze=Grigol Peradze
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gary_Owens=Gary Owens
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don_Cornelius=Don Cornelius
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Biddle=Edward Biddle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Strick=Joseph Strick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Churchill_(satirist)=Charles Churchill (satirist)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anund=Anund
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kurt_Carlsen=Kurt Carlsen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rudolf_Friml=Rudolf Friml
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anne_Lockhart_(actress)=Anne Lockhart (actress)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Southerne=Thomas Southerne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Mannyng=Robert Mannyng
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stanley_Donen=Stanley Donen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicholle_Tom=Nicholle Tom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edmund_Trebus=Edmund Trebus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daniel_Davis=Daniel Davis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rubin_Goldmark=Rubin Goldmark
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jim_Cantalupo=Jim Cantalupo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Juan_Bautista_Pomar=Juan Bautista Pomar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Det_de_Beus=Det de Beus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patrick_Head=Patrick Head
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Nitze=Paul Nitze
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ursula_Thielemann=Ursula Thielemann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benjamin_Melendez=Benjamin Melendez
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yamanami_Keisuke=Yamanami Keisuke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paddy_Doyle=Paddy Doyle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfred_John_North=Alfred John North
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrew_Smith_(zoologist)=Andrew Smith (zoologist)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mayer_Amschel_Rothschild=Mayer Amschel Rothschild
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfred_Loisy=Alfred Loisy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georg_Joseph_Vogler=Georg Joseph Vogler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vittorio_Alfieri=Vittorio Alfieri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mike_Wallace_(historian)=Mike Wallace (historian)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Kinsey=Charles Kinsey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_Chalopin=Jean Chalopin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_N._Gallo=Joseph N. Gallo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Dzundza=George Dzundza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jason_Patric=Jason Patric
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steven_Bauer=Steven Bauer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack_Ryan_(designer)=Jack Ryan (designer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Filo=John Filo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ed_Neumeister=Ed Neumeister
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monica_Proietti=Monica Proietti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Bass=Charles Bass
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Yost=David Yost
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Kay_(caricaturist)=John Kay (caricaturist)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Hamilton_Houston=Charles Hamilton Houston
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeb_Bradley=Jeb Bradley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Papo_Newman=Papo Newman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stephen_Smith_(Australian_politician)=Stephen Smith (Australian politician)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joey_Bishop=Joey Bishop
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Meany=George Meany
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ibn_al-Muqaffa'=Ibn al-Muqaffa'
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andy_Rantzen=Andy Rantzen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Qaitbay=Qaitbay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Perceval,_2nd_Earl_of_Egmont=John Perceval, 2nd Earl of Egmont
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wayne_Swan=Wayne Swan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_Vanier=Jean Vanier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henri_Nouwen=Henri Nouwen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Otto_Finsch=Otto Finsch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ivor_Guest,_1st_Viscount_Wimborne=Ivor Guest, 1st Viscount Wimborne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Cadogan,_5th_Earl_Cadogan=George Cadogan, 5th Earl Cadogan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lawrence_Dundas,_1st_Marquess_of_Zetland=Lawrence Dundas, 1st Marquess of Zetland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sompal_Shastri=Sompal Shastri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francis_Cowper,_7th_Earl_Cowper=Francis Cowper, 7th Earl Cowper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chris_Raab=Chris Raab
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Hamilton,_1st_Duke_of_Abercorn=James Hamilton, 1st Duke of Abercorn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dustin_Diamond=Dustin Diamond
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Eliot,_3rd_Earl_of_St_Germans=Edward Eliot, 3rd Earl of St Germans
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marguerite_de_Launay,_baronne_de_Staal=Marguerite de Launay, baronne de Staal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joanna_Southcott=Joanna Southcott
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alamein_Kopu=Alamein Kopu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samuel_Crompton=Samuel Crompton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tippu_Tip=Tippu Tip
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albert_Christoph_Dies=Albert Christoph Dies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abbassi_Madani=Abbassi Madani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Darren_Day=Darren Day
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ingjald=Ingjald
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ivar_Vidfamne=Ivar Vidfamne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jesper_Harding=Jesper Harding
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karl_Albrecht=Karl Albrecht
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nikolay_Shvernik=Nikolay Shvernik
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moses_Annenberg=Moses Annenberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xunzi=Xunzi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Han_Fei=Han Fei
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tara_Bray_Smith=Tara Bray Smith
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Shanks_(archaeologist)=Michael Shanks (archaeologist)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alisen_Down=Alisen Down
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kat_Fletcher=Kat Fletcher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Coco=James Coco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Buchanan_Eads=James Buchanan Eads
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Holger_Crafoord=Holger Crafoord
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arthur_Lloyd_(musician)=Arthur Lloyd (musician)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kivie_Kaplan=Kivie Kaplan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alan_Tudyk=Alan Tudyk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_Armstrong_(comedian)=Alexander Armstrong (comedian)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Horst_Dassler=Horst Dassler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_Gorodnitsky=Alexander Gorodnitsky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patrick_Nally=Patrick Nally
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bruce_Edwards_(caddy)=Bruce Edwards (caddy)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gabriella_Ferri=Gabriella Ferri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Helmut_Schelsky=Helmut Schelsky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Riley_Keough=Riley Keough
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wiranto=Wiranto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edgar_Purnell_Hooley=Edgar Purnell Hooley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wil_Anderson=Wil Anderson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Tomlinson=David Tomlinson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Danny_Keough=Danny Keough
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Janna_Levin=Janna Levin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jane_Russell=Jane Russell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Janwillem_van_de_Wetering=Janwillem van de Wetering
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Donald_Gunn=Donald Gunn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leo_Burnett=Leo Burnett
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Willis_Carrier=Willis Carrier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eurico_Guterres=Eurico Guterres
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicholas_Hytner=Nicholas Hytner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thuy_Trang=Thuy Trang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Koch_(television_presenter)=David Koch (television presenter)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nikolai_Tikhonov=Nikolai Tikhonov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nikolai_Ryzhkov=Nikolai Ryzhkov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Userkare=Userkare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Lawrence,_1st_Baron_Lawrence=John Lawrence, 1st Baron Lawrence
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Birsa_Munda=Birsa Munda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frederic_Thesiger,_1st_Viscount_Chelmsford=Frederic Thesiger, 1st Viscount Chelmsford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christopher_Furness,_1st_Baron_Furness=Christopher Furness, 1st Baron Furness
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Bland=Richard Bland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Peel_(Christian_Science)=Robert Peel (Christian Science)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mario_Lopez=Mario Lopez
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alvin_Lee=Alvin Lee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roger_Hedgecock=Roger Hedgecock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Billy_Murray_(actor)=Billy Murray (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_Keene_(actor)=Tom Keene (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paula_Wessely=Paula Wessely
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eileen_Gray=Eileen Gray
http://dbpedia.org/resource/J.-H._Rosny_jeune=J.-H. Rosny jeune
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_Cruden=Alexander Cruden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeremy_Isaacs=Jeremy Isaacs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Hart_(physicist)=George Hart (physicist)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean-Pierre_Andrevon=Jean-Pierre Andrevon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maureen_Potter=Maureen Potter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Peter_Hebel=Johann Peter Hebel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scipione_Ammirato=Scipione Ammirato
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Lancaster=James Lancaster
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gaspard_Bauhin=Gaspard Bauhin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abigail_Johnson=Abigail Johnson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wade_H._McCree=Wade H. McCree
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matthew_McDaniel=Matthew McDaniel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heinrich_von_Kittlitz=Heinrich von Kittlitz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Friedrich_Naumann=Johann Friedrich Naumann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeremy_Beadle=Jeremy Beadle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fritz_Eichenberg=Fritz Eichenberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Binchy=William Binchy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georges-Jean_Arnaud=Georges-Jean Arnaud
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Wild_(Swiss_astronomer)=Paul Wild (Swiss astronomer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eknath_Easwaran=Eknath Easwaran
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Conrad=William Conrad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Kidd=Michael Kidd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Thiel=Peter Thiel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hua_Xiong=Hua Xiong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Estienne=Charles Estienne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Drake=Charles Drake
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fletcher_Christian=Fletcher Christian
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Newbold_Lawrence=George Newbold Lawrence
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Hookham_Frere=John Hookham Frere
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Tennant=William Tennant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Max_Keith=Max Keith
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Gurevich=David Gurevich
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Caspar_Ferdinand_Fischer=Johann Caspar Ferdinand Fischer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tim_Burstall=Tim Burstall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lindsay_Owen-Jones=Lindsay Owen-Jones
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Goschen,_2nd_Viscount_Goschen=George Goschen, 2nd Viscount Goschen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caetano_da_Costa_Alegre=Caetano da Costa Alegre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wolfgang_Schneiderhan_(violinist)=Wolfgang Schneiderhan (violinist)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Franz_Waxman=Franz Waxman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aesara=Aesara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sarah_Porter=Sarah Porter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shakuntala_Devi=Shakuntala Devi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bruce_McDonald_(director)=Bruce McDonald (director)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roman_Kroitor=Roman Kroitor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Fuchs=Robert Fuchs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Reed_Bishop=Charles Reed Bishop
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marcus_Livius_Drusus_(consul)=Marcus Livius Drusus (consul)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sir_George_Barlow,_1st_Baronet=Sir George Barlow, 1st Baronet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alan_Thicke=Alan Thicke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francis_Rawdon-Hastings,_1st_Marquess_of_Hastings=Francis Rawdon-Hastings, 1st Marquess of Hastings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lord_William_Bentinck=Lord William Bentinck
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manfredo_Tafuri=Manfredo Tafuri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arnobius=Arnobius
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Linda_Cohn=Linda Cohn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Desmond_Doyle=Desmond Doyle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Damer,_1st_Earl_of_Dorchester=Joseph Damer, 1st Earl of Dorchester
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ayerdhal=Ayerdhal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ralph_Kirkpatrick=Ralph Kirkpatrick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Donald_Wilson_(writer_and_producer)=Donald Wilson (writer and producer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harper_Goff=Harper Goff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Hayward_(historian)=John Hayward (historian)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mary_McGrory=Mary McGrory
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fenella_Fielding=Fenella Fielding
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Bellamy=David Bellamy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrew_Boyd_Cummings=Andrew Boyd Cummings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Robinson_(gardener)=William Robinson (gardener)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfred_Molina=Alfred Molina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Al_Kooper=Al Kooper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Osvaldo_Soriano=Osvaldo Soriano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis_Wolfson=Louis Wolfson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Spiegel=Paul Spiegel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Salvius_Tryphon=Salvius Tryphon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hans_Freudenthal=Hans Freudenthal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joel_Veitch=Joel Veitch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Flamank=Thomas Flamank
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Gambel=William Gambel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ignatz_Bubis=Ignatz Bubis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elwin_Hermanson=Elwin Hermanson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Morris_Hunt=Richard Morris Hunt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Cecil,_1st_Earl_of_Exeter=Thomas Cecil, 1st Earl of Exeter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hermann_Schlegel=Hermann Schlegel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis_Michel=Louis Michel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laura_Mulvey=Laura Mulvey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ivor_Darreg=Ivor Darreg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Ruckelshaus=William Ruckelshaus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dan_Neil=Dan Neil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ivan_Noble=Ivan Noble
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Qin_Jiushao=Qin Jiushao
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Drew_Curtis=Drew Curtis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ken_Chu=Ken Chu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hugh_Fortescue,_2nd_Earl_Fortescue=Hugh Fortescue, 2nd Earl Fortescue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_O._Page=James O. Page
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hugh_Percy,_3rd_Duke_of_Northumberland=Hugh Percy, 3rd Duke of Northumberland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jorge_Castillo_(chef)=Jorge Castillo (chef)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_E._Stuart=Charles E. Stuart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chris_Owens_(burlesque_performer)=Chris Owens (burlesque performer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yunho=Yunho
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lorraine_Segato=Lorraine Segato
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Julien_Dubuque=Julien Dubuque
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Courtney_Act=Courtney Act
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Curry_Holden=William Curry Holden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sigrid_Thornton=Sigrid Thornton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Cornelius_Van_Horne=William Cornelius Van Horne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_S._Sessions=William S. Sessions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dave_Desroches=Dave Desroches
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Virginia_Zeani=Virginia Zeani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rajinikanth=Rajinikanth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ezra_Sims=Ezra Sims
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Shepard_(minister)=Thomas Shepard (minister)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Khushal_Khan_Khattak=Khushal Khan Khattak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_von_Breitenbach=Paul von Breitenbach
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marco_I_Sanudo=Marco I Sanudo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Svetlana_Masterkova=Svetlana Masterkova
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rudolf_Weigl=Rudolf Weigl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Serge_Brussolo=Serge Brussolo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A._M._Hamilton=A. M. Hamilton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mollie_Sugden=Mollie Sugden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Otto_Wille_Kuusinen=Otto Wille Kuusinen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Captain_Thunderbolt=Captain Thunderbolt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wendy_Richard=Wendy Richard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uffe_Ellemann-Jensen=Uffe Ellemann-Jensen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reza_Pahlavi=Reza Pahlavi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Diamond_(journalist)=John Diamond (journalist)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Petrus_de_Dacia_(Swedish_monk)=Petrus de Dacia (Swedish monk)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_de_Labadie=Jean de Labadie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bengt_Linder=Bengt Linder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guy_Klucevsek=Guy Klucevsek
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Grubbs=David Grubbs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tony_Cedras=Tony Cedras
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anders_Bircow=Anders Bircow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lydia_Lopokova=Lydia Lopokova
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jonathan_Guinness,_3rd_Baron_Moyne=Jonathan Guinness, 3rd Baron Moyne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dan_Wicklum=Dan Wicklum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_Calas=Jean Calas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Kennedy_Young=George Kennedy Young
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saul_Laskin=Saul Laskin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack_Warden=Jack Warden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Rubin=Robert Rubin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flavio_Briatore=Flavio Briatore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Huelsenbeck=Richard Huelsenbeck
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nerene_Virgin=Nerene Virgin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Curtis_D._Wilbur=Curtis D. Wilbur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maurice_LaMarche=Maurice LaMarche
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lot_M._Morrill=Lot M. Morrill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeff_Chandler_(boxer)=Jeff Chandler (boxer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Goffe=Thomas Goffe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heung_Jin_Moon=Heung Jin Moon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierre_Plantard=Pierre Plantard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Simon_Boerum=Simon Boerum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Krishnan_Guru-Murthy=Krishnan Guru-Murthy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Kennedy=George Kennedy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_Theodor_Dreyer=Carl Theodor Dreyer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francis_Sejersted=Francis Sejersted
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frankie_Narvaez=Frankie Narvaez
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gito_Baloi=Gito Baloi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_S._McMillan_(astronomer)=Robert S. McMillan (astronomer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Slote=Michael Slote
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Erin_Pizzey=Erin Pizzey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_J._Dallas_(statesman)=Alexander J. Dallas (statesman)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yousef_Alavi=Yousef Alavi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ralph_Faudree=Ralph Faudree
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steven_Lindsey=Steven Lindsey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_P._Fessenden=William P. Fessenden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hedi_Lang=Hedi Lang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nancy_Stark_Smith=Nancy Stark Smith
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samuel_Fessenden=Samuel Fessenden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Tutuska=George Tutuska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Winton_M._Blount=Winton M. Blount
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Neeleman=David Neeleman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kisho_Kurokawa=Kisho Kurokawa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Smith_(sea_captain)=Edward Smith (sea captain)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Helen_Walton=Helen Walton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frank_de_Jong=Frank de Jong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kelley_Aitken=Kelley Aitken
http://dbpedia.org/resource/J.J._Jackson_(media_personality)=J.J. Jackson (media personality)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jerome_F._Lederer=Jerome F. Lederer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Ogilvy=James Ogilvy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_D._Putnam=Robert D. Putnam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lois_Banner=Lois Banner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Russell_Bennett=Robert Russell Bennett
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fernand_Verhaegen=Fernand Verhaegen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Percy_C._Mather=Percy C. Mather
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zico=Zico
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edmund_Neville_Nevill=Edmund Neville Nevill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jim_Shearer=Jim Shearer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sam_Younger=Sam Younger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mallika_Sherawat=Mallika Sherawat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_McKeever=Paul McKeever
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abhishek_Bachchan=Abhishek Bachchan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adrian_Davies=Adrian Davies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Devon_Aoki=Devon Aoki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chief_Bey=Chief Bey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hal_Douglas=Hal Douglas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patrick_Nuttgens=Patrick Nuttgens
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicolaus_Tideman=Nicolaus Tideman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_James_Pye=Henry James Pye
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edmund_Meade-Waldo=Edmund Meade-Waldo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ed_Hinton_(sportswriter)=Ed Hinton (sportswriter)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marmaduke_Tunstall=Marmaduke Tunstall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laurence_Eusden=Laurence Eusden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Claude_Bowes-Lyon,_14th_Earl_of_Strathmore_and_Kinghorne=Claude Bowes-Lyon, 14th Earl of Strathmore and Kinghorne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/M._J._Akbar=M. J. Akbar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierre_Buyoya=Pierre Buyoya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Haile_Gebrselassie=Haile Gebrselassie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Callahan=David Callahan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patricia_de_Lille=Patricia de Lille
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Mason_(poet)=William Mason (poet)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abedi_Pele=Abedi Pele
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andriy_Shevchenko=Andriy Shevchenko
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luigi_Marchesi=Luigi Marchesi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mark_Epstein=Mark Epstein
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jan_Paulsen=Jan Paulsen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Gaventa=John Gaventa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Widmark=Richard Widmark
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Herta_Bothe=Herta Bothe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Harpur=Robert Harpur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis_Bamberger=Louis Bamberger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_T._A._Innes=Robert T. A. Innes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harry_Babbitt=Harry Babbitt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Louis_Emil_Dreyer=John Louis Emil Dreyer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lawrence_Parsons,_4th_Earl_of_Rosse=Lawrence Parsons, 4th Earl of Rosse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Armin_Otto_Leuschner=Armin Otto Leuschner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Rowland_(jockey)=Michael Rowland (jockey)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/E._Henry_Wemme=E. Henry Wemme
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barry_Nelson=Barry Nelson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grandizo_Munis=Grandizo Munis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hamelin_de_Warenne,_Earl_of_Surrey=Hamelin de Warenne, Earl of Surrey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baccio_Pontelli=Baccio Pontelli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joe_Buck=Joe Buck
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charlie_Murphy=Charlie Murphy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oskar_Backlund=Oskar Backlund
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yosef_Avni=Yosef Avni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zuhayr=Zuhayr
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fusajiro_Yamauchi=Fusajiro Yamauchi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pam_Ferris=Pam Ferris
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ernest_Mason_Satow=Ernest Mason Satow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ted_Theodore=Ted Theodore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Olivier_Martinez=Olivier Martinez
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mori_Chack=Mori Chack
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stanislas_de_Boufflers=Stanislas de Boufflers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joi_Ito=Joi Ito
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Issai_Schur=Issai Schur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierre_du_Ryer=Pierre du Ryer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christian_Ludwig_Brehm=Christian Ludwig Brehm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Hart_(actor)=David Hart (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jill_Tarter=Jill Tarter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nathan_Wright_(judge)=Nathan Wright (judge)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Athanasios_Papoulis=Athanasios Papoulis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Dombrovskis=Peter Dombrovskis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Victor_de_Laprade=Victor de Laprade
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frances_Shand_Kydd=Frances Shand Kydd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jules_Sandeau=Jules Sandeau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sam_Nixon=Sam Nixon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henri-Cardin-Jean-Baptiste_d'Aguesseau=Henri-Cardin-Jean-Baptiste d'Aguesseau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guido_von_List=Guido von List
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_Marie_Pardessus=Jean Marie Pardessus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Fehrenbach_(astronomer)=Charles Fehrenbach (astronomer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Joseph_Pothier=Robert Joseph Pothier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_Domat=Jean Domat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frank_Wedekind=Frank Wedekind
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Octave_Feuillet=Octave Feuillet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henri_Meilhac=Henri Meilhac
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Salo_Flohr=Salo Flohr
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stephen_Hendry=Stephen Hendry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miroljub_Labus=Miroljub Labus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dejan_Mihajlov=Dejan Mihajlov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Radomir_Naumov=Radomir Naumov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steve_Hsu=Steve Hsu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_Cavalier=Jean Cavalier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Herbert_Chitepo=Herbert Chitepo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roland_Laporte=Roland Laporte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Enzo_Plazzotta=Enzo Plazzotta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shelley_Peterson=Shelley Peterson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zuicho_Tachibana=Zuicho Tachibana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aonio_Paleario=Aonio Paleario
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Helmuth_Rilling=Helmuth Rilling
http://dbpedia.org/resource/King_Watzke=King Watzke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michel-Jean_Sedaine=Michel-Jean Sedaine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilson_Kipketer=Wilson Kipketer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tiberius_Claudius_Cogidubnus=Tiberius Claudius Cogidubnus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_McTiernan=John McTiernan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Claes-Ingvar_Lagerkvist=Claes-Ingvar Lagerkvist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Schelte_J._Bus=Schelte J. Bus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heinrich_Zille=Heinrich Zille
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Otto_Wiesheu=Otto Wiesheu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ernst_Krenek=Ernst Krenek
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nathan_E._Cook=Nathan E. Cook
http://dbpedia.org/resource/E._M._Antoniadi=E. M. Antoniadi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gustaf_Philip_Creutz=Gustaf Philip Creutz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sylvain_Arend=Sylvain Arend
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johnnie_Fingers=Johnnie Fingers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Melinda_Clarke=Melinda Clarke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arnold_Gehlen=Arnold Gehlen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Ramsay_Cook=George Ramsay Cook
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kleo_Pleyer=Kleo Pleyer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Olivia_Poole=Olivia Poole
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arend_Dickmann=Arend Dickmann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sergey_Belyavsky=Sergey Belyavsky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mark_Farmer=Mark Farmer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dianne_Wiest=Dianne Wiest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mike_Lazaridis=Mike Lazaridis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leo_Penn=Leo Penn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paulo_Freire=Paulo Freire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Didier_Pfirter=Didier Pfirter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rodman_Philbrick=Rodman Philbrick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vilbrun_Guillaume_Sam=Vilbrun Guillaume Sam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Robert_Brooks=William Robert Brooks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thorkil_Vanggaard=Thorkil Vanggaard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sherburne_Wesley_Burnham=Sherburne Wesley Burnham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Minh_Thai=Minh Thai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tara_Hitchcock=Tara Hitchcock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walter_McCrone=Walter McCrone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luigi_Carnera=Luigi Carnera
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anthony_Asquith=Anthony Asquith
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrew_Parsons=Andrew Parsons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ibrahim_Muteferrika=Ibrahim Muteferrika
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roy_Porter=Roy Porter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_K._Dorsey=Michael K. Dorsey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Camani=Peter Camani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Conrad_Beissel=Conrad Beissel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Wohlfahrt=Michael Wohlfahrt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frank_Serpico=Frank Serpico
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_M._Berrien=John M. Berrien
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Simon_Dach=Simon Dach
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alan_King_(comedian)=Alan King (comedian)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wang_Yangming=Wang Yangming
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicomachus=Nicomachus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lord_George_Gordon=Lord George Gordon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alice_Day=Alice Day
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nikolai_Chernykh=Nikolai Chernykh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lyudmila_Chernykh=Lyudmila Chernykh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sciarra_Colonna=Sciarra Colonna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Juan_Miguel_Aguilera=Juan Miguel Aguilera
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Irena_Sendler=Irena Sendler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Goldstone=Richard Goldstone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gabrielle_Union=Gabrielle Union
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jayawantiben_Mehta=Jayawantiben Mehta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Virilio=Paul Virilio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harvey_Proctor=Harvey Proctor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hans_Hass=Hans Hass
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louie_Anderson=Louie Anderson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pinky_Lee=Pinky Lee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steve_Scott_(athlete)=Steve Scott (athlete)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boots_Anson-Roa=Boots Anson-Roa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karl_Seitz=Karl Seitz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Will=George Will
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ram_Naik=Ram Naik
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_J._Weinberger=Peter J. Weinberger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kirit_Somaiya=Kirit Somaiya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Haroun_Kabadi=Haroun Kabadi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guy_Bolton=Guy Bolton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gurudas_Kamat=Gurudas Kamat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manohar_Joshi=Manohar Joshi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Erica_Ehm=Erica Ehm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jan_Palach=Jan Palach
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Otto_Gessler=Otto Gessler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antonio_Maura=Antonio Maura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chiranjeevi=Chiranjeevi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mori_Arinori=Mori Arinori
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eknath_Gaikwad=Eknath Gaikwad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sanjay_Nirupam=Sanjay Nirupam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ranulf_Higden=Ranulf Higden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matthew_Lyon=Matthew Lyon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paavo_Berglund=Paavo Berglund
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Margot_Fonteyn=Margot Fonteyn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theophilus_Shepstone=Theophilus Shepstone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apollodorus_of_Athens=Apollodorus of Athens
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iain_Moncreiffe=Iain Moncreiffe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sunil_Dutt=Sunil Dutt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marvin_Zindler=Marvin Zindler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Histiaeus=Histiaeus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ndabaningi_Sithole=Ndabaningi Sithole
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Procter_Hawtrey=George Procter Hawtrey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thenmozhi_Rajaratnam=Thenmozhi Rajaratnam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Devane=William Devane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mohan_Rawale=Mohan Rawale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ross_Harris_(actor)=Ross Harris (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roxana_Zal=Roxana Zal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philip_Anglim=Philip Anglim
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lukas_Haas=Lukas Haas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sachin_Ahir=Sachin Ahir
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lynne_Littman=Lynne Littman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lilia_Skala=Lilia Skala
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Lhuyd=Edward Lhuyd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leon_Ames=Leon Ames
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Coppola_Schwartzman=Robert Coppola Schwartzman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Serizawa_Kamo=Serizawa Kamo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albert_Roussel=Albert Roussel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierre_Nord_Alexis=Pierre Nord Alexis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_L._Mills=Robert L. Mills
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kaija_Saariaho=Kaija Saariaho
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kate_Millett=Kate Millett
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ed_Templeton=Ed Templeton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_de_Warenne,_6th_Earl_of_Surrey=John de Warenne, 6th Earl of Surrey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Riccardo_Chailly=Riccardo Chailly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Zinman=David Zinman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saburo_Ishikura=Saburo Ishikura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emil_Petrovici=Emil Petrovici
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Margaret_St._Clair=Margaret St. Clair
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tommy_Boyd=Tommy Boyd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seo_Jae-pil=Seo Jae-pil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manuel_Candamo=Manuel Candamo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carole_Hersee=Carole Hersee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_McKee=David McKee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Claude_Maxwell_MacDonald=Claude Maxwell MacDonald
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Chuter_Ede=James Chuter Ede
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zhang_Yuzhe=Zhang Yuzhe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lisa_Clayton=Lisa Clayton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ann_Jones_(politician)=Ann Jones (politician)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marjorie_Rice=Marjorie Rice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pelageya_Shajn=Pelageya Shajn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henri_Giffard=Henri Giffard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_Cabanis=Jean Cabanis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kurt_Heegner=Kurt Heegner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/June_and_Jennifer_Gibbons=June and Jennifer Gibbons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jiro_Taniguchi=Jiro Taniguchi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bobst_Boy=Bobst Boy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Healy_(psychiatrist)=David Healy (psychiatrist)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Lochary=David Lochary
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Coleman=David Coleman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johan_Petter_Johansson=Johan Petter Johansson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pauline_Collins=Pauline Collins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roger_Nygard=Roger Nygard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Feridun_Karakaya=Feridun Karakaya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ulrich_von_Brockdorff-Rantzau=Ulrich von Brockdorff-Rantzau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rod_Coronado=Rod Coronado
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Julian_Eltinge=Julian Eltinge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brian_Callison=Brian Callison
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dwayne_Turner=Dwayne Turner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Avi_Arad=Avi Arad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicholas_Monsarrat=Nicholas Monsarrat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frank_Thring=Frank Thring
http://dbpedia.org/resource/W._A._Mathieu=W. A. Mathieu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hristo_Shopov=Hristo Shopov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Otto_Wilhelm_von_Struve=Otto Wilhelm von Struve
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anthony_Daniels=Anthony Daniels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Livingston_Lowes=John Livingston Lowes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/C._Vernon_Mason=C. Vernon Mason
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brian_Henson=Brian Henson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ludwig_Struve=Ludwig Struve
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rumer_Godden=Rumer Godden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harry_Bridges=Harry Bridges
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ivo_Van_Damme=Ivo Van Damme
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Svetlana_Pesotskaya=Svetlana Pesotskaya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michel_Giacobini=Michel Giacobini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arend_Friedrich_August_Wiegmann=Arend Friedrich August Wiegmann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walter_Brooks=Walter Brooks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_William_Watson=Henry William Watson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Howard_Griffin=John Howard Griffin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Viktor_Abakumov=Viktor Abakumov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Billy_Goodman=Billy Goodman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Jenkinson=David Jenkinson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walter_Duranty=Walter Duranty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carol_Kolb=Carol Kolb
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thom_Gunn=Thom Gunn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Albert_Vasa=John Albert Vasa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scott_Dikkers=Scott Dikkers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tim_Harrod=Tim Harrod
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Javerbaum=David Javerbaum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_Charles_Vasa=Alexander Charles Vasa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brian_Cox_(actor)=Brian Cox (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Catherine_O'Leary=Catherine O'Leary
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Britain_J._Williams=Britain J. Williams
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Simonon=Paul Simonon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrzej_Zaucha_(reporter)=Andrzej Zaucha (reporter)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Armand_Van_Helden=Armand Van Helden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abel_Muzorewa=Abel Muzorewa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Urvashi_Vaid=Urvashi Vaid
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Edgar_Slusser=George Edgar Slusser
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ramon_Pichot=Ramon Pichot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alicia_Witt=Alicia Witt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shamash-shum-ukin=Shamash-shum-ukin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Masayuki_Uemura=Masayuki Uemura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Victor_Feguer=Victor Feguer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gus_Edwards=Gus Edwards
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martin_Ritt=Martin Ritt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vincent_P._Bryan=Vincent P. Bryan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guo_Moruo=Guo Moruo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Warren_Allmand=Warren Allmand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Rivers_Pitt=William Rivers Pitt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bainbridge_Colby=Bainbridge Colby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cristiano_Ronaldo=Cristiano Ronaldo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aaron_ben_Moses_ben_Asher=Aaron ben Moses ben Asher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Perle=George Perle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tadatoshi_Akiba=Tadatoshi Akiba
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harvey_Pittel=Harvey Pittel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mary_Hayward_Weir=Mary Hayward Weir
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oliver_Platt=Oliver Platt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Duncan_Phyfe=Duncan Phyfe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Tilton=Robert Tilton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Waldric=Waldric
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_Charlier=Carl Charlier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Folger=Peter Folger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samuel_Kirkland=Samuel Kirkland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maureen_Castaneda=Maureen Castaneda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sherron_Watkins=Sherron Watkins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emil_G._Hirsch=Emil G. Hirsch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samuel_Hirsch=Samuel Hirsch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Ely=Michael Ely
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elliott_Gould=Elliott Gould
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martin_Bryant=Martin Bryant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Guillaume=Robert Guillaume
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henri_Debehogne=Henri Debehogne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karl_Wilhelm_Naundorff=Karl Wilhelm Naundorff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chiquinha_Gonzaga=Chiquinha Gonzaga
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lyudmila_Karachkina=Lyudmila Karachkina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Russell_Simmons=Russell Simmons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Geoffrey_Hill=Geoffrey Hill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edith_Cowan=Edith Cowan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ulrike_Meyfarth=Ulrike Meyfarth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chaiyasit_Shinawatra=Chaiyasit Shinawatra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tamara_Mikhaylovna_Smirnova=Tamara Mikhaylovna Smirnova
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edgar_Snow=Edgar Snow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lyudmila_Zhuravlyova=Lyudmila Zhuravlyova
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aleksandr_Danilovich_Menshikov=Aleksandr Danilovich Menshikov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jamie_Uys=Jamie Uys
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicolas-Claude_Fabri_de_Peiresc=Nicolas-Claude Fabri de Peiresc
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Judith_Lieberman=Judith Lieberman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_L._Bell=John L. Bell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_L._G._Bowell=Edward L. G. Bowell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leslie_Peltier=Leslie Peltier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Burnham,_Jr.=Robert Burnham, Jr.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Radha_Mitchell=Radha Mitchell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_L._Giclas=Henry L. Giclas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brian_A._Skiff=Brian A. Skiff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_Gehrels=Tom Gehrels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Sheldon_Fitch=Henry Sheldon Fitch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Agostino_Carlini=Agostino Carlini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Machi_Tawara=Machi Tawara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inga_Artamonova=Inga Artamonova
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anthony_Berkeley_Cox=Anthony Berkeley Cox
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miles_Millar=Miles Millar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfred_Gough=Alfred Gough
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Koepp=David Koepp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walter_D._Edmonds=Walter D. Edmonds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vladimir_Albitsky=Vladimir Albitsky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ferdinand_Oyono=Ferdinand Oyono
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Magnus_Lindberg=Magnus Lindberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kevin_Constantine=Kevin Constantine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sylvius_Leopold_Weiss=Sylvius Leopold Weiss
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marin_le_Roy_de_Gomberville=Marin le Roy de Gomberville
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Rymer=Thomas Rymer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antoine_Girard_de_Saint-Amant=Antoine Girard de Saint-Amant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Droz=Joseph Droz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gabriel-Henri_Gaillard=Gabriel-Henri Gaillard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michel_Drucker=Michel Drucker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emiko_Shiratori=Emiko Shiratori
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_FitzGilbert=William FitzGilbert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phil_Cool=Phil Cool
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leisha_Hailey=Leisha Hailey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ernestine_Schumann-Heink=Ernestine Schumann-Heink
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Juba_I_of_Numidia=Juba I of Numidia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ol_Chiki_alphabet=Ol Chiki alphabet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lacedaemonius=Lacedaemonius
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alan_Fletcher_(actor)=Alan Fletcher (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Len_Cariou=Len Cariou
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sarah_Rice=Sarah Rice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Warren_Truss=Warren Truss
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Craig_Chandler=Craig Chandler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Fortier=Michael Fortier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mario_Lanza=Mario Lanza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scott_Van_Pelt=Scott Van Pelt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alan_Ruck=Alan Ruck
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Man_Mohan_Sharma=Man Mohan Sharma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rolando_Blackman=Rolando Blackman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Prichard=Robert Prichard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Billy_Barty=Billy Barty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tariana_Turia=Tariana Turia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hans_Herr=Hans Herr
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Engelbert,_Count_of_Nevers=Engelbert, Count of Nevers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mark_Vaile=Mark Vaile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Herbert_Lowe=Charles Herbert Lowe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_M._Clayton=John M. Clayton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeremiah_S._Black=Jeremiah S. Black
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Bacon=Robert Bacon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean-Claude_Risset=Jean-Claude Risset
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frederick_A._Shannon=Frederick A. Shannon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mary_Archer=Mary Archer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Murphy_(author)=Michael Murphy (author)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Esteban_Arce=Esteban Arce
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nathaniel_Hone_the_Elder=Nathaniel Hone the Elder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paula_Cole=Paula Cole
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Fielding=John Fielding
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rebecca_Blasband=Rebecca Blasband
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Dumont_de_Sainte-Croix=Charles Dumont de Sainte-Croix
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Franz_Fischler=Franz Fischler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_M._Thome=John M. Thome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angelo_d'Arrigo=Angelo d'Arrigo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Salomon_Morel=Salomon Morel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jakub_Berman=Jakub Berman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tsukasa_Hojo=Tsukasa Hojo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greg_Grunberg=Greg Grunberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicolas_de_Grigny=Nicolas de Grigny
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Will_Keith_Kellogg=Will Keith Kellogg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georges_Duboeuf=Georges Duboeuf
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mary_Norris=Mary Norris
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicholas_Aylward_Vigors=Nicholas Aylward Vigors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xiang_of_Xia=Xiang of Xia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Juventino_Rosas=Juventino Rosas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Juliet_Mills=Juliet Mills
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elmer_Fung=Elmer Fung
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maxwell_Caulfield=Maxwell Caulfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_A._White=William A. White
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maria_Gay=Maria Gay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_R._Day=William R. Day
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hitomi_Kanehara=Hitomi Kanehara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_W._Foster=John W. Foster
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Horgan=Paul Horgan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sam_Donaldson=Sam Donaldson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giovanni_Zenatello=Giovanni Zenatello
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Marais=Peter Marais
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Des_Lynam=Des Lynam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Victoria_Jackson=Victoria Jackson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cosima_Wagner=Cosima Wagner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Allen_Walker_Read=Allen Walker Read
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pablo_Cottenot=Pablo Cottenot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benjamin_Valz=Benjamin Valz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A._Laurent=A. Laurent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fernand_Rigaux=Fernand Rigaux
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samuel_Thomson=Samuel Thomson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Josh_Saviano=Josh Saviano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Claude_Goudimel=Claude Goudimel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alan_Millar=Alan Millar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frank_Keating=Frank Keating
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sam_Jacks=Sam Jacks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vesto_Slipher=Vesto Slipher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saul_Zaentz=Saul Zaentz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Masaaki_Sakai=Masaaki Sakai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paolo_Borsellino=Paolo Borsellino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carlo_Alberto_Dalla_Chiesa=Carlo Alberto Dalla Chiesa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arnaldo_Forlani=Arnaldo Forlani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aleksei_N._Leontiev=Aleksei N. Leontiev
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Israel_Shamir=Israel Shamir
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xu_Dishan=Xu Dishan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xin_Qiji=Xin Qiji
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ji_Kang=Ji Kang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lillian_Copeland=Lillian Copeland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xavier_Grall=Xavier Grall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xavier_Saint-Macary=Xavier Saint-Macary
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xie_Lingyun=Xie Lingyun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Lemoinne=John Lemoinne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kornel_Ujejski=Kornel Ujejski
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean-Louis_Laya=Jean-Louis Laya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hassiba_Boulmerka=Hassiba Boulmerka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marc_Girardin=Marc Girardin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard,_Duke_of_Burgundy=Richard, Duke of Burgundy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Otto,_Duke_of_Burgundy=Otto, Duke of Burgundy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gilbert,_Duke_of_Burgundy=Gilbert, Duke of Burgundy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hugh_the_Black=Hugh the Black
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_I,_Duke_of_Burgundy=Henry I, Duke of Burgundy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bruce_Grant=Bruce Grant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Otto-William,_Count_of_Burgundy=Otto-William, Count of Burgundy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_I,_Duke_of_Burgundy=Robert I, Duke of Burgundy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amy_Winfrey=Amy Winfrey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hugh_I,_Duke_of_Burgundy=Hugh I, Duke of Burgundy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_of_Burgundy=Henry of Burgundy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Odo_I,_Duke_of_Burgundy=Odo I, Duke of Burgundy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Odo_II,_Duke_of_Burgundy=Odo II, Duke of Burgundy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hugh_III,_Duke_of_Burgundy=Hugh III, Duke of Burgundy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hugh_II,_Duke_of_Burgundy=Hugh II, Duke of Burgundy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Odo_III,_Duke_of_Burgundy=Odo III, Duke of Burgundy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_II,_Duke_of_Burgundy=Robert II, Duke of Burgundy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Odo,_Count_of_Nevers=Odo, Count of Nevers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hugh_IV,_Duke_of_Burgundy=Hugh IV, Duke of Burgundy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hugh_V,_Duke_of_Burgundy=Hugh V, Duke of Burgundy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A._R._B._Shuttleworth=A. R. B. Shuttleworth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_de_Rapin=Paul de Rapin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philip_II,_Count_of_Auvergne=Philip II, Count of Auvergne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Odo_IV,_Duke_of_Burgundy=Odo IV, Duke of Burgundy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Sharp_(bishop)=James Sharp (bishop)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xavier_de_Roux=Xavier de Roux
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wang_Yuanlu=Wang Yuanlu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adriaan_van_Roomen=Adriaan van Roomen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giacomo_Albanese=Giacomo Albanese
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xavier_Bertrand=Xavier Bertrand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean-Baptiste_Pigalle=Jean-Baptiste Pigalle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Oliver_Curwood=James Oliver Curwood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Rutter=John Rutter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jonathan_Wells_(intelligent_design_advocate)=Jonathan Wells (intelligent design advocate)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stefan_Mazurkiewicz=Stefan Mazurkiewicz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nominoe=Nominoe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ken_Wiwa=Ken Wiwa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tim_Meadows=Tim Meadows
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Victor_de_Bonald=Victor de Bonald
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Frederick_Denning=William Frederick Denning
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_De_Hart=John De Hart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Latham,_1st_Baron_Latham=Charles Latham, 1st Baron Latham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frederic_Morton=Frederic Morton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Starr_Kempf=Starr Kempf
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isaac_Mao=Isaac Mao
http://dbpedia.org/resource/J._Nozipo_Maraire=J. Nozipo Maraire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bernard_Gui=Bernard Gui
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mark_Russell=Mark Russell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francis_Lederer=Francis Lederer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arthur_Mathews_(writer)=Arthur Mathews (writer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frank_Little_(unionist)=Frank Little (unionist)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Otto_August_Rosenberger=Otto August Rosenberger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carlos_Slim=Carlos Slim
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zachariah_Chandler=Zachariah Chandler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karl-August_Fagerholm=Karl-August Fagerholm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis_Boyer_(astronomer)=Louis Boyer (astronomer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mahavatar_Babaji=Mahavatar Babaji
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philippe_Verdelot=Philippe Verdelot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Krause=Peter Krause
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jonathan_Torrens=Jonathan Torrens
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gil_Stein_(ice_hockey)=Gil Stein (ice hockey)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mamie_Van_Doren=Mamie Van Doren
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Polly_Toynbee=Polly Toynbee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friedrich_August_Theodor_Winnecke=Friedrich August Theodor Winnecke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_William_Webb=Thomas William Webb
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hugo_Hadwiger=Hugo Hadwiger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wu_Daozi=Wu Daozi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Acusilaus=Acusilaus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marek_Belka=Marek Belka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mutaga_IV_Mbikije_of_Burundi=Mutaga IV Mbikije of Burundi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mwezi_IV_Gisabo_of_Burundi=Mwezi IV Gisabo of Burundi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ntare_I_Kivimira_Savuyimba_Semunganzashamba_Rushatsi_Cambarantama=Ntare I Kivimira Savuyimba Semunganzashamba Rushatsi Cambarantama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ntare_IV_Rutaganzwa_Rugamba=Ntare IV Rutaganzwa Rugamba
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mwambutsa_I_Mbariza=Mwambutsa I Mbariza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mwami_Mutaga_III_Senyamwiza_Mutamo=Mwami Mutaga III Senyamwiza Mutamo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_W._Brown=John W. Brown
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abiathar_Crescas=Abiathar Crescas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hai_Gaon=Hai Gaon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Cementarius=Richard Cementarius
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abu_al-Qasim_Muhammad_ibn_Abbad=Abu al-Qasim Muhammad ibn Abbad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abbad_II_al-Mu'tadid=Abbad II al-Mu'tadid
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Al-Mu'tamid_ibn_Abbad=Al-Mu'tamid ibn Abbad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rob_Brydon=Rob Brydon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cleveland_Abbe=Cleveland Abbe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Eugene_Abbey=Henry Eugene Abbey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Norcross=George Norcross
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brenda_Fricker=Brenda Fricker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deng_Ai=Deng Ai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sima_Zhao=Sima Zhao
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alain_Maury=Alain Maury
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roger_de_Moulins=Roger de Moulins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_Mueller=Jean Mueller
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Malloy=Michael Malloy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Coffin_Little=Charles Coffin Little
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Gorman_(entertainer)=John Gorman (entertainer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_de_Littleton=Thomas de Littleton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sir_Thomas_Littleton,_3rd_Baronet=Sir Thomas Littleton, 3rd Baronet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sir_Thomas_Lyttelton,_1st_Baronet=Sir Thomas Lyttelton, 1st Baronet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theodor_Brorsen=Theodor Brorsen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Costanzo_Festa=Costanzo Festa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pang_De=Pang De
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thad_Starner=Thad Starner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Culliford=Robert Culliford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dick_Ebersol=Dick Ebersol
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Renate_Holub=Renate Holub
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Pratt=Charles Pratt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kaoru_Ikeya=Kaoru Ikeya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Muzio_Sforza=Muzio Sforza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cai_Mao=Cai Mao
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kermit_Hunter=Kermit Hunter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zhang_Daqing=Zhang Daqing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tsutomu_Seki=Tsutomu Seki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Minoru_Honda=Minoru Honda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Syuichi_Nakano=Syuichi Nakano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eliza_Manningham-Buller,_Baroness_Manningham-Buller=Eliza Manningham-Buller, Baroness Manningham-Buller
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Takao_Kobayashi=Takao Kobayashi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_D._Hoch=Edward D. Hoch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stuart_Scott=Stuart Scott
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mike_Church=Mike Church
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eirug_Wyn=Eirug Wyn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Lennox,_1st_Duke_of_Richmond=Charles Lennox, 1st Duke of Richmond
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ted_Neeley=Ted Neeley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lasus_of_Hermione=Lasus of Hermione
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Lamsa=George Lamsa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicolas_Gombert=Nicolas Gombert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colin_McGinn=Colin McGinn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Robert_Brown_(judge)=John Robert Brown (judge)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francine_Patterson=Francine Patterson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Rives=Richard Rives
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ronald_Cohn=Ronald Cohn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frederick_Ogilvie=Frederick Ogilvie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cecil_Graves=Cecil Graves
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marie_Firmin_Bocourt=Marie Firmin Bocourt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Foot=Robert Foot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Pierson_Ramsay=Edward Pierson Ramsay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reed_Hastings=Reed Hastings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Kerr_(writer)=Robert Kerr (writer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guillaume_Le_Gentil=Guillaume Le Gentil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cynthia_Breazeal=Cynthia Breazeal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gordon_Murray=Gordon Murray
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emmanuel-Armand_de_Richelieu,_duc_d'Aiguillon=Emmanuel-Armand de Richelieu, duc d'Aiguillon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Laidlaw_Maxwell=James Laidlaw Maxwell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Preston_Maxwell=John Preston Maxwell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christophe_de_Beaumont=Christophe de Beaumont
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Arthur,_comte_de_Lally=Thomas Arthur, comte de Lally
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lindsey_Nelson=Lindsey Nelson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bob_Murphy_(announcer)=Bob Murphy (announcer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anna_O.=Anna O.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrzej_Gwiazda=Andrzej Gwiazda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Tristan,_marquis_de_Montholon=Charles Tristan, marquis de Montholon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emmanuel,_comte_de_Las_Cases=Emmanuel, comte de Las Cases
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hudson_Lowe=Hudson Lowe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Julia_Neuberger,_Baroness_Neuberger=Julia Neuberger, Baroness Neuberger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antonio_di_Benedetto=Antonio di Benedetto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/H._E._Francis=H. E. Francis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Erispoe=Erispoe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gurvand=Gurvand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pascweten=Pascweten
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Salomon,_King_of_Brittany=Salomon, King of Brittany
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Judicael,_Duke_of_Brittany=Judicael, Duke of Brittany
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alan_II,_Duke_of_Brittany=Alan II, Duke of Brittany
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alan_I,_King_of_Brittany=Alan I, King of Brittany
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flavia_Bujor=Flavia Bujor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Conan_II,_Duke_of_Brittany=Conan II, Duke of Brittany
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hoel_II,_Duke_of_Brittany=Hoel II, Duke of Brittany
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Conan_III,_Duke_of_Brittany=Conan III, Duke of Brittany
http://dbpedia.org/resource/K._H._Ting=K. H. Ting
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Tellinger=Michael Tellinger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Callahan=Henry Callahan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wayne_C._Booth=Wayne C. Booth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Caldwell_(clergyman)=James Caldwell (clergyman)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patricia_Knatchbull,_2nd_Countess_Mountbatten_of_Burma=Patricia Knatchbull, 2nd Countess Mountbatten of Burma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Windsor,_Earl_of_St_Andrews=George Windsor, Earl of St Andrews
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Jastrow=Robert Jastrow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laura_Kightlinger=Laura Kightlinger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eleazar_of_Worms=Eleazar of Worms
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sivaya_Subramuniyaswami=Sivaya Subramuniyaswami
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kathryn_Morris=Kathryn Morris
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Sztybel=David Sztybel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mani_(prophet)=Mani (prophet)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Mercer_Dawson=George Mercer Dawson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jesse_L._Greenstein=Jesse L. Greenstein
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fred_F._Fielding=Fred F. Fielding
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicolas_Collins=Nicolas Collins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Warren_Demian_Manshel=Warren Demian Manshel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gary_L._Francione=Gary L. Francione
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ingrid_Newkirk=Ingrid Newkirk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Josiah_Tongogara=Josiah Tongogara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christopher_Clavius=Christopher Clavius
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ray_Winstone=Ray Winstone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_du_Vergier_de_Hauranne=Jean du Vergier de Hauranne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Erik_von_Kuehnelt-Leddihn=Erik von Kuehnelt-Leddihn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_James_Salisbury=Edward James Salisbury
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gabriele_Rossetti=Gabriele Rossetti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lillian_Roxon=Lillian Roxon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sanjay_Gupta=Sanjay Gupta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_L._Halperin=James L. Halperin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Waters_(columnist)=John Waters (columnist)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Waters_(actor)=John Waters (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Waters=John Waters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francis_Buchanan-Hamilton=Francis Buchanan-Hamilton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lady_Amelia_Windsor=Lady Amelia Windsor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pieter_Bleeker=Pieter Bleeker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hans_Vilhelm_Kaalund=Hans Vilhelm Kaalund
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_McClelland_(doctor)=John McClelland (doctor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Macadam=John Macadam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rose_Macaulay=Rose Macaulay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colin_Macfarquhar=Colin Macfarquhar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_McFarlane=Robert McFarlane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johannes_Thiele_(zoologist)=Johannes Thiele (zoologist)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bernardino_Machado=Bernardino Machado
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Morrison_MacIver=Robert Morrison MacIver
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Helen_MacInnes=Helen MacInnes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walter_Staunton_Mack_Jr.=Walter Staunton Mack Jr.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Michael_Moser=George Michael Moser
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Forest_Whitaker=Forest Whitaker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Pingo=Thomas Pingo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steele_MacKaye=Steele MacKaye
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Percy_MacKaye=Percy MacKaye
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stoker_Cavendish,_12th_Duke_of_Devonshire=Stoker Cavendish, 12th Duke of Devonshire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Chin=James Chin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_Mackenzie_(composer)=Alexander Mackenzie (composer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bruce_Robinson=Bruce Robinson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Compton_Mackenzie=Compton Mackenzie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Margaret_I,_Countess_of_Flanders=Margaret I, Countess of Flanders
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mark_Harris_(author)=Mark Harris (author)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hannah_Primrose,_Countess_of_Rosebery=Hannah Primrose, Countess of Rosebery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_Chun=Carl Chun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Hastings,_4th_Earl_of_Huntingdon=George Hastings, 4th Earl of Huntingdon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bill_Morris,_Baron_Morris_of_Handsworth=Bill Morris, Baron Morris of Handsworth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Puch=Johann Puch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Howe_(theologian)=John Howe (theologian)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clarence_Gilyard=Clarence Gilyard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scott_Interrante=Scott Interrante
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cat_Deeley=Cat Deeley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lisa_Whelchel=Lisa Whelchel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Efrem_Zimbalist,_Jr.=Efrem Zimbalist, Jr.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tonea_Stewart=Tonea Stewart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sonny_Shroyer=Sonny Shroyer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_B._Pritchard=James B. Pritchard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alvy_Moore=Alvy Moore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_Lester=Tom Lester
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Kiel=Richard Kiel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anderson_Cooper=Anderson Cooper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sam_Warner=Sam Warner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lois_Chiles=Lois Chiles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nikolai_Khokhlov=Nikolai Khokhlov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harold_D._Babcock=Harold D. Babcock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilfred_Lucas=Wilfred Lucas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ellen_Barkin=Ellen Barkin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/W._F._Grimes=W. F. Grimes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Guimard=Paul Guimard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Simon_Larose=Simon Larose
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Germano_Almeida=Germano Almeida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alphonse_Allais=Alphonse Allais
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emma_Darwin=Emma Darwin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mayer_Amschel_de_Rothschild=Mayer Amschel de Rothschild
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harry_Pidgeon=Harry Pidgeon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrey_Razumovsky=Andrey Razumovsky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Stothard=Peter Stothard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tayseer_Allouni=Tayseer Allouni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roger_Sessions=Roger Sessions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Walker_(natural_historian)=John Walker (natural historian)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christa_Miller=Christa Miller
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henri_de_France=Henri de France
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ronald_Wayne=Ronald Wayne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joe_Beeler=Joe Beeler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Taylor_Gatto=John Taylor Gatto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/August_Spies=August Spies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ian_Brady=Ian Brady
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_J._DeBartolo,_Jr.=Edward J. DeBartolo, Jr.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Omarosa=Omarosa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/V._C._Sreejan=V. C. Sreejan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Artur_London=Artur London
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Enos_T._Throop=Enos T. Throop
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raoul_Naroll=Raoul Naroll
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bernard_Loomer=Bernard Loomer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mathew_Valencia=Mathew Valencia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_of_Dinant=David of Dinant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elisabeth_Altmann-Gottheiner=Elisabeth Altmann-Gottheiner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leonhard_Stejneger=Leonhard Stejneger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Denis_Rogers=Denis Rogers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sara_Cox=Sara Cox
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeremy_Spake=Jeremy Spake
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hugh_Foot,_Baron_Caradon=Hugh Foot, Baron Caradon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johnny_Vaughan=Johnny Vaughan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tobias_Bjarneby=Tobias Bjarneby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Horace_Darwin=Horace Darwin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Judith_Chalmers=Judith Chalmers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jo_Moore=Jo Moore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Bates_(poet)=David Bates (poet)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Bates_(historian)=David Bates (historian)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gordon_Ramsay=Gordon Ramsay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Treniota=Treniota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tanaji_Malusare=Tanaji Malusare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frank_A._Gerbode=Frank A. Gerbode
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Mayne=William Mayne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Caslon=William Caslon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hubert_Lagardelle=Hubert Lagardelle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emily_Hart=Emily Hart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Mark_Ainsley=John Mark Ainsley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexa_Vega=Alexa Vega
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack_Kelley=Jack Kelley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Fagles=Robert Fagles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amir_Hamudi_Hasan_al-Sadi=Amir Hamudi Hasan al-Sadi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bunita_Marcus=Bunita Marcus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Odo,_Viscount_of_Porhoet=Odo, Viscount of Porhoet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hoel,_Count_of_Nantes=Hoel, Count of Nantes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Rodney_Bennett=Richard Rodney Bennett
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stephen_Dodgson=Stephen Dodgson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guy_of_Thouars=Guy of Thouars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Esther_Rantzen=Esther Rantzen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Smith_III=Joseph Smith III
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Herbert_Seifert=Herbert Seifert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ed_Mirvish=Ed Mirvish
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_Moore_(actor)=Tom Moore (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leo_Kanner=Leo Kanner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matt_Moore_(actor)=Matt Moore (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Owen_Moore=Owen Moore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Luther_Adams=John Luther Adams
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Stratton=William Stratton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elliott_Macklovitch=Elliott Macklovitch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cael_Sanderson=Cael Sanderson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierre_Isabelle=Pierre Isabelle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Enrico_Caterino_Davila=Enrico Caterino Davila
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Shaw_Kennedy=James Shaw Kennedy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Alten=Charles Alten
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Craufurd=Charles Craufurd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Larry_Silverstein=Larry Silverstein
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edmund_Whitelocke=Edmund Whitelocke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Larry_Munson=Larry Munson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Whitelocke=James Whitelocke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mary_Decker=Mary Decker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Lenthall=William Lenthall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hector_Munro,_8th_laird_of_Novar=Hector Munro, 8th laird of Novar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Home_Riggs_Popham=Home Riggs Popham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marek_Borowski=Marek Borowski
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mary_Williamson_Averell=Mary Williamson Averell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sarah_Byam=Sarah Byam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ngugi_wa_Mirii=Ngugi wa Mirii
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eumenes=Eumenes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eugene_Forsey=Eugene Forsey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henri_Belolo=Henri Belolo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean-Jacques_Pelletier=Jean-Jacques Pelletier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacques_Morali=Jacques Morali
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jennifer_Lien=Jennifer Lien
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samuel_Hill=Samuel Hill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adalberon_(bishop_of_Laon)=Adalberon (bishop of Laon)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lothair_of_France=Lothair of France
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jock_Haston=Jock Haston
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Connie_Fogal=Connie Fogal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bill_O'Donnell_(harness_racer)=Bill O'Donnell (harness racer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tim_Buck=Tim Buck
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lawrence_Rabiner=Lawrence Rabiner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ronald_W._Schafer=Ronald W. Schafer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harald_Bohr=Harald Bohr
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kate_Adie=Kate Adie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ian_McShane=Ian McShane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hrafn_Gunnlaugsson=Hrafn Gunnlaugsson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Durning=Charles Durning
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samarth_Ramdas=Samarth Ramdas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scott_S._Sheppard=Scott S. Sheppard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toriyama_Sekien=Toriyama Sekien
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marilyn_Bergman=Marilyn Bergman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Darwin=Robert Darwin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Susannah_Darwin=Susannah Darwin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_de_Gisors=Jean de Gisors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stephanie_Beard=Stephanie Beard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guillaume_de_Gisors=Guillaume de Gisors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_I,_Count_of_Bar=Edward I, Count of Bar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joan_of_Bar,_Countess_of_Surrey=Joan of Bar, Countess of Surrey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sidhu_Kanhu=Sidhu Kanhu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benjamin_Williams_Leader=Benjamin Williams Leader
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Waring_Darwin_(infant)=Charles Waring Darwin (infant)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_de_Mestral=George de Mestral
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henri_de_Man=Henri de Man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frank_Sutton=Frank Sutton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alceste_De_Ambris=Alceste De Ambris
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Onslow,_7th_Earl_of_Onslow=Michael Onslow, 7th Earl of Onslow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Claudette_Bradshaw=Claudette Bradshaw
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roy_Bhaskar=Roy Bhaskar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lance_Henriksen=Lance Henriksen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jedediah_Strutt=Jedediah Strutt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis_Seigneur=Louis Seigneur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Abbot,_1st_Baron_Colchester=Charles Abbot, 1st Baron Colchester
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Humphrey_IV_of_Toron=Humphrey IV of Toron
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hamzah_Fansuri=Hamzah Fansuri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martin_Sixsmith=Martin Sixsmith
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Salome_Jens=Salome Jens
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jessie_Redmon_Fauset=Jessie Redmon Fauset
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Strachan=John Strachan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexis_Arquette=Alexis Arquette
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_O._McKay=David O. McKay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_F._Smith=Joseph F. Smith
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arthur_Bottomley=Arthur Bottomley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dian_Wei=Dian Wei
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bobby_Thompson_(comedian)=Bobby Thompson (comedian)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aloysius_Schmitt=Aloysius Schmitt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Donovan_Leitch_(actor)=Donovan Leitch (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ross_Dowson=Ross Dowson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean-Baptiste_Drouet,_Comte_d'Erlon=Jean-Baptiste Drouet, Comte d'Erlon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Publius_Cornelius_Dolabella_(consul_10)=Publius Cornelius Dolabella (consul 10)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Roxburgh=Richard Roxburgh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meir_Bar-Ilan=Meir Bar-Ilan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Sedgwick=John Sedgwick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wade_Fox=Wade Fox
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monty_Finniston=Monty Finniston
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alphonse_Milne-Edwards=Alphonse Milne-Edwards
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Davenport_(minister)=John Davenport (minister)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Diel=Paul Diel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adam_Jerzy_Czartoryski=Adam Jerzy Czartoryski
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samuel_Hearne=Samuel Hearne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Erasmus_Darwin=William Erasmus Darwin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Sowerby=James Sowerby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brian_Johnston=Brian Johnston
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Radclyffe=Charles Radclyffe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anne_Darwin=Anne Darwin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrew_Neil=Andrew Neil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Wilding_(writer)=Michael Wilding (writer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_De_Carle_Sowerby=James De Carle Sowerby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Brettingham_Sowerby_III=George Brettingham Sowerby III
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Graham_Robb=Graham Robb
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Brettingham_Sowerby_II=George Brettingham Sowerby II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Arlott=John Arlott
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Waldemar_Milewicz=Waldemar Milewicz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stass_Paraskos=Stass Paraskos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sergio_Panunzio=Sergio Panunzio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Rodman_Campbell=Charles Rodman Campbell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arturo_Labriola=Arturo Labriola
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Preston=Richard Preston
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lex_Goudsmit=Lex Goudsmit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/T._J._Cobden-Sanderson=T. J. Cobden-Sanderson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Alexander_(lawyer)=James Alexander (lawyer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aj_Ne'_Yohl_Mat=Aj Ne' Yohl Mat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brandon_Mayfield=Brandon Mayfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yohl_Ik'nal=Yohl Ik'nal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liu_Sola=Liu Sola
http://dbpedia.org/resource/K'an_Joy_Chitam_I=K'an Joy Chitam I
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kan_B'alam_I=Kan B'alam I
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raoul_Walsh=Raoul Walsh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Margaret_Fairley=Margaret Fairley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ivan_Wyschnegradsky=Ivan Wyschnegradsky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Cornu=Paul Cornu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fernando_Poe,_Jr.=Fernando Poe, Jr.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rudy_Wiebe=Rudy Wiebe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_Key=Alexander Key
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Boldt=George Boldt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Bates_Nichols_Tower=George Bates Nichols Tower
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barry_Trotz=Barry Trotz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harry_Ruby=Harry Ruby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lila_Kedrova=Lila Kedrova
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Brodie-Sangster=Thomas Brodie-Sangster
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Herbert_H._Lehman=Herbert H. Lehman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reccared_I=Reccared I
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georg_Stiernhielm=Georg Stiernhielm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Urbain_Olivier=Urbain Olivier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anton_Solomoukha=Anton Solomoukha
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stanley_Brehaut_Ryerson=Stanley Brehaut Ryerson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abdul-Satar_al-Bahadli=Abdul-Satar al-Bahadli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Masahide_Ota=Masahide Ota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Napier_(actor)=Charles Napier (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Riley_Weston=Riley Weston
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vic_Morrow=Vic Morrow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Suzy_Rice=Suzy Rice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lobengula=Lobengula
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xu_Bing=Xu Bing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Casey_(journalist)=Robert Casey (journalist)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Willem_Elsschot=Willem Elsschot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hal_Sparks=Hal Sparks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Armand,_duc_d'Aiguillon=Armand, duc d'Aiguillon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Georg_Wagler=Johann Georg Wagler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albert_Carnesale=Albert Carnesale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Al-Waleed_bin_Talal=Al-Waleed bin Talal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_H._Irons=Peter H. Irons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Firangoji_Narsala=Firangoji Narsala
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guido_Buffarini_Guidi=Guido Buffarini Guidi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Salim_Joubran=Salim Joubran
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Szymon_Askenazy=Szymon Askenazy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marcin_Kromer=Marcin Kromer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Curtis_White=Curtis White
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Cunnington=William Cunnington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sir_Henry_Bunbury,_7th_Baronet=Sir Henry Bunbury, 7th Baronet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sir_Richard_Hoare,_2nd_Baronet=Sir Richard Hoare, 2nd Baronet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adam_Curry=Adam Curry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Asa_Griggs_Candler=Asa Griggs Candler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Devey=George Devey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Li_Yu_(author)=Li Yu (author)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jonathan_Lebed=Jonathan Lebed
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reni_Jusis=Reni Jusis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Sterling=Edward Sterling
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stanley_Johnson_(writer)=Stanley Johnson (writer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Humphrey_II_of_Toron=Humphrey II of Toron
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gotthelf_Fischer_von_Waldheim=Gotthelf Fischer von Waldheim
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_de_Warenne,_2nd_Earl_of_Surrey=William de Warenne, 2nd Earl of Surrey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_de_Warenne,_3rd_Earl_of_Surrey=William de Warenne, 3rd Earl of Surrey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_de_Warenne,_5th_Earl_of_Surrey=William de Warenne, 5th Earl of Surrey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ha-Mim=Ha-Mim
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ole_Nydahl=Ole Nydahl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_de_Warenne,_1st_Earl_of_Surrey=William de Warenne, 1st Earl of Surrey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karen_Hughes=Karen Hughes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_Lawson_(goaltender)=Tom Lawson (goaltender)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roberto_Goizueta=Roberto Goizueta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Burt_Ward=Burt Ward
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sabrina_Harman=Sabrina Harman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Moores_(British_businessman)=John Moores (British businessman)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Rennie_(engineer)=George Rennie (engineer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bud_Collyer=Bud Collyer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glen_Murray_(politician)=Glen Murray (politician)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bob_Bemer=Bob Bemer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steven_Parent=Steven Parent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Melanie_Phillips=Melanie Phillips
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beth_Broderick=Beth Broderick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_Poston=Tom Poston
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Katie_Finneran=Katie Finneran
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roy_Phillips=Roy Phillips
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brian_Keith=Brian Keith
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A._J._Cook=A. J. Cook
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Madsen=Michael Madsen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chet_Huntley=Chet Huntley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Dallas_Egbert_III=James Dallas Egbert III
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ernst_Friedrich_Wilhelm_Klinkerfues=Ernst Friedrich Wilhelm Klinkerfues
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kikunae_Ikeda=Kikunae Ikeda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Umetaro_Suzuki=Umetaro Suzuki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kyota_Sugimoto=Kyota Sugimoto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sakichi_Toyoda=Sakichi Toyoda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kotaro_Honda=Kotaro Honda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yasujiro_Niwa=Yasujiro Niwa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tokushichi_Mishima=Tokushichi Mishima
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Horsley_(antiquarian)=John Horsley (antiquarian)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antoine_Galland=Antoine Galland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_Antoine_Letronne=Jean Antoine Letronne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jerry_Greenfield=Jerry Greenfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martha_Jefferson=Martha Jefferson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rachel_Jackson=Rachel Jackson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Cumming=Joseph Cumming
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_George_Cumming=Joseph George Cumming
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Martin_Schleyer=Johann Martin Schleyer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paolo_Mantegazza=Paolo Mantegazza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Pinkerton=John Pinkerton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Englefield=Thomas Englefield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Boyd_Dawkins=William Boyd Dawkins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Rennie_(MI6_officer)=John Rennie (MI6 officer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Betty_Shabazz=Betty Shabazz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/J._G._Westphal=J. G. Westphal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glenn_Ford=Glenn Ford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Heinrich_Westphal=Johann Heinrich Westphal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Herbert_Philbrick=Herbert Philbrick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ken_Hitchcock=Ken Hitchcock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mike_Babcock=Mike Babcock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bob_Hartley=Bob Hartley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_Kluge=Alexander Kluge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jerry_Mathers=Jerry Mathers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stephen_Heller=Stephen Heller
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kim_Zimmer=Kim Zimmer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Irna_Phillips=Irna Phillips
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charlene_Tilton=Charlene Tilton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matthew_Ashford=Matthew Ashford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Mascolo=Joseph Mascolo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Suzanne_Rogers=Suzanne Rogers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cristina_Ferrare=Cristina Ferrare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Pinkney=William Pinkney
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Erling_Persson=Erling Persson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hans_van_den_Broek=Hans van den Broek
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrew_Strominger=Andrew Strominger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Volker_Beck_(politician)=Volker Beck (politician)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nathan_Seiberg=Nathan Seiberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Urbano_Lugo=Urbano Lugo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Su_Pollard=Su Pollard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bat_Masterson=Bat Masterson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Agnes_Nixon=Agnes Nixon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reverdy_Johnson=Reverdy Johnson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Susan_Lucci=Susan Lucci
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Herbert_Chapman=John Herbert Chapman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ross_Winn=Ross Winn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Garry_Moore=Garry Moore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fisher_Stevens=Fisher Stevens
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don_S._Davis=Don S. Davis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xu_Xiake=Xu Xiake
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_M._Cote=David M. Cote
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_J._Quigley=Thomas J. Quigley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rick_Hansen=Rick Hansen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Burrell_Smith=Burrell Smith
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benjamin_Bristow=Benjamin Bristow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Len_Beadell=Len Beadell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isaac_Israel_Hayes=Isaac Israel Hayes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clarice_Vance=Clarice Vance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Devens=Charles Devens
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kim_Ki-duk=Kim Ki-duk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arthur_Oncken_Lovejoy=Arthur Oncken Lovejoy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guy_Maddin=Guy Maddin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steven_Isserlis=Steven Isserlis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Genndy_Tartakovsky=Genndy Tartakovsky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gaby_Roslin=Gaby Roslin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Sutton,_1st_Baron_Dudley=John Sutton, 1st Baron Dudley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theodore_Tylor=Theodore Tylor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andy_Poe=Andy Poe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lloyd_Quinan=Lloyd Quinan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martin_K._Weiche=Martin K. Weiche
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Red_Symons=Red Symons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Morrissey=David Morrissey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laurie_Foell=Laurie Foell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walter_Bishop,_Jr.=Walter Bishop, Jr.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walter_Bishop,_Sr.=Walter Bishop, Sr.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Asia_Agcaoili=Asia Agcaoili
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_FitzAlan-Howard,_2nd_Viscount_FitzAlan_of_Derwent=Henry FitzAlan-Howard, 2nd Viscount FitzAlan of Derwent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mark_Little_(Australian_actor)=Mark Little (Australian actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Neil_Walter=Neil Walter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anthony_Ainley=Anthony Ainley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christopher_Martin-Jenkins=Christopher Martin-Jenkins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amber_Mariano=Amber Mariano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elisabeth_Hasselbeck=Elisabeth Hasselbeck
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tyler_Labine=Tyler Labine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kyle_Labine=Kyle Labine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mitch_Davis=Mitch Davis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hans_Dragendorff=Hans Dragendorff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ingram_Marshall=Ingram Marshall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rudolf_von_Sebottendorf=Rudolf von Sebottendorf
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean-Baptiste_Charles_Bouvet_de_Lozier=Jean-Baptiste Charles Bouvet de Lozier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benjamin_Andrew=Benjamin Andrew
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Frain=James Frain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christopher_Finzi=Christopher Finzi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joy_Finzi=Joy Finzi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Irving_Chernev=Irving Chernev
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mike_Wallace=Mike Wallace
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack_McCall=Jack McCall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shlomo_Kalo=Shlomo Kalo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Denise_van_Outen=Denise van Outen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gerhard_Lindblom=Gerhard Lindblom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jan_Wils=Jan Wils
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Olive_Osmond=Olive Osmond
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ron_Clarke=Ron Clarke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Poiret=Paul Poiret
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mantak_Chia=Mantak Chia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bohumil_Mathesius=Bohumil Mathesius
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Max_Vasmer=Max Vasmer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Constantine_Phaulkon=Constantine Phaulkon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Walker,_Baron_Walker_of_Worcester=Peter Walker, Baron Walker of Worcester
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maurice_Bedel=Maurice Bedel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Donald_Byrne=Donald Byrne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Midge_Decter=Midge Decter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Katherine_Anne_Porter=Katherine Anne Porter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_D._Boyce=William D. Boyce
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Father_Divine=Father Divine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dane_Rudhyar=Dane Rudhyar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_F._Flynn=Michael F. Flynn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ricky_J=Ricky J
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emperor_Xuanwu_of_Northern_Wei=Emperor Xuanwu of Northern Wei
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack_Watson_(Presidential_adviser)=Jack Watson (Presidential adviser)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hans_Werner_Henze=Hans Werner Henze
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Reed_(author)=Robert Reed (author)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Irving_Stone=Irving Stone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henri_Cole=Henri Cole
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Simpkin=Richard Simpkin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shinzo_Maeda=Shinzo Maeda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis_V._Gerstner,_Jr.=Louis V. Gerstner, Jr.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keith_Van_Horn=Keith Van Horn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patrick_Dewaere=Patrick Dewaere
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrew_Sachs=Andrew Sachs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carlos_P._Romulo=Carlos P. Romulo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mason_Chamberlin=Mason Chamberlin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sven_Jaschan=Sven Jaschan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arletty=Arletty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_V._Kuprin=Alexander V. Kuprin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Craig_Raine=Craig Raine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liz_Claman=Liz Claman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elspeth_Howe,_Baroness_Howe_of_Idlicote=Elspeth Howe, Baroness Howe of Idlicote
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ludwig_Bechstein=Ludwig Bechstein
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Victor_Koman=Victor Koman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gerard_Beekmans=Gerard Beekmans
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Olaf_Dreyer=Olaf Dreyer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carlo_Bonomi=Carlo Bonomi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Terpander=Terpander
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Galloway=Joseph Galloway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ernst_Hartert=Ernst Hartert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arthur_Hay,_9th_Marquess_of_Tweeddale=Arthur Hay, 9th Marquess of Tweeddale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gert-Jan_Prins=Gert-Jan Prins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Lehn=Thomas Lehn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leopold_von_Schrenck=Leopold von Schrenck
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mark_Johnston_(racehorse_trainer)=Mark Johnston (racehorse trainer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_von_Middendorff=Alexander von Middendorff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chris_Avellone=Chris Avellone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luigi_Lanzi=Luigi Lanzi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lionel_Blue=Lionel Blue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Gell=William Gell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nachman_Syrkin=Nachman Syrkin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karl_Ludwig_Fernow=Karl Ludwig Fernow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carlo_Fea=Carlo Fea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Fellows=Charles Fellows
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luigi_Canina=Luigi Canina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stephen_Potter=Stephen Potter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/August_Macke=August Macke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Homer_Haskins=Charles Homer Haskins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nick_Berg=Nick Berg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patty_Wetterling=Patty Wetterling
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Berrien=John Berrien
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daniello_Bartoli=Daniello Bartoli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fredy_Perlman=Fredy Perlman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aleksander_Arendt=Aleksander Arendt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Szczepan_Lewna=Szczepan Lewna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brunon_Synak=Brunon Synak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roger_Long=Roger Long
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sharron_Davies=Sharron Davies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Latimer=Robert Latimer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samuel_D._Ingham=Samuel D. Ingham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Arundell,_8th_Baron_Arundell_of_Wardour=Henry Arundell, 8th Baron Arundell of Wardour
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sulejman_Bargjini=Sulejman Bargjini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samuel_Ingham=Samuel Ingham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Salih_ibn_Tarif=Salih ibn Tarif
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_Hotman,_Marquis_de_Villers-St-Paul=Jean Hotman, Marquis de Villers-St-Paul
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gabrielle-Suzanne_Barbot_de_Villeneuve=Gabrielle-Suzanne Barbot de Villeneuve
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_T._Barry=William T. Barry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hermann_von_Salza=Hermann von Salza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walter_Wilcox=Walter Wilcox
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cessianus=Cessianus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arthur_Plunkett=Arthur Plunkett
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Neil_Leifer=Neil Leifer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacob_Wetterling=Jacob Wetterling
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anatoly_Fomenko=Anatoly Fomenko
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rosario_Dawson=Rosario Dawson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flip_Kowlier=Flip Kowlier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ajai_Singh=Ajai Singh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Dixon=David Dixon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Walliams=David Walliams
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Constantine_the_African=Constantine the African
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prosper_Garnot=Prosper Garnot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kenneth_Hsu=Kenneth Hsu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Margaret_D._Tutwiler=Margaret D. Tutwiler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francis_Kenrick=Francis Kenrick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Katie_Leung=Katie Leung
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pietro_Maria_Bardi=Pietro Maria Bardi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marc-Joseph_Marion_du_Fresne=Marc-Joseph Marion du Fresne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ellen_Lewis_Herndon_Arthur=Ellen Lewis Herndon Arthur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Bateman=Thomas Bateman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lina_Bo_Bardi=Lina Bo Bardi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Assis_Chateaubriand=Assis Chateaubriand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pat_Toomey=Pat Toomey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Duke_Aiona=Duke Aiona
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sidney_Howard=Sidney Howard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leopoldo_Cicognara=Leopoldo Cicognara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Williams_(YMCA)=George Williams (YMCA)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_Baptiste_d'Agincourt=Jean Baptiste d'Agincourt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gerard_de_Ridefort=Gerard de Ridefort
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Clayton_Morrison=Charles Clayton Morrison
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giacinto_Scelsi=Giacinto Scelsi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Red_Buttons=Red Buttons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reginald_Stuart_Poole=Reginald Stuart Poole
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Cisneros=Henry Cisneros
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marlon_Wayans=Marlon Wayans
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Storm_Constantine=Storm Constantine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Russell,_1st_Baron_Russell_of_Thornhaugh=William Russell, 1st Baron Russell of Thornhaugh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Denmark_Vesey=Denmark Vesey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lynne_Ramsay=Lynne Ramsay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francis_Gore=Francis Gore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Al_Albert_(sportscaster)=Al Albert (sportscaster)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leo_Melamed=Leo Melamed
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_of_Montferrat,_Count_of_Jaffa_and_Ascalon=William of Montferrat, Count of Jaffa and Ascalon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maria_Berenice_Dias=Maria Berenice Dias
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lloyd_Banks=Lloyd Banks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ivan_Sollertinsky=Ivan Sollertinsky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patricia_Heaton=Patricia Heaton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maxim_Shostakovich=Maxim Shostakovich
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Solomon_Volkov=Solomon Volkov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Bates=Edward Bates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luiz_Mott=Luiz Mott
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ricardo_Salinas_Pliego=Ricardo Salinas Pliego
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Rooker=Michael Rooker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Bennett_Ramsey=John Bennett Ramsey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glauber_Rocha=Glauber Rocha
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cy_Endfield=Cy Endfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norman_Nicholson=Norman Nicholson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Julie_Cypher=Julie Cypher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lenora_Fulani=Lenora Fulani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harry_Lake=Harry Lake
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jim_Cummings=Jim Cummings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tony_Jay=Tony Jay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jonathan_Rauch=Jonathan Rauch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Gough=Michael Gough
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lee_J._Cobb=Lee J. Cobb
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francis_de_Rottenburg=Francis de Rottenburg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Hunter=Peter Hunter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_Grant_(Upper_Canada_politician)=Alexander Grant (Upper Canada politician)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henning_Bergenholtz=Henning Bergenholtz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sandro_Nielsen=Sandro Nielsen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liliana_Mumy=Liliana Mumy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Russell_(politician)=Peter Russell (politician)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfred_Bird=Alfred Bird
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rob_Roy_MacGregor=Rob Roy MacGregor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Terry_Halpin=Terry Halpin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Erna_Solberg=Erna Solberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arturo_Tolentino=Arturo Tolentino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Weddell=James Weddell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/W._H._Murray=W. H. Murray
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mike_Barnicle=Mike Barnicle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vern_Paxson=Vern Paxson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_R._Levine=John R. Levine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Purvey=John Purvey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Wiseman=Joseph Wiseman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lee_Wiley=Lee Wiley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacob_Rabinow=Jacob Rabinow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philippe_Halsman=Philippe Halsman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fumihiro_Joyu=Fumihiro Joyu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Alison=Michael Alison
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Adley=Robert Adley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Alexander_(British_politician)=Richard Alexander (British politician)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rupert_Allason=Rupert Allason
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacques_Arnold=Jacques Arnold
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_Arnold_(politician)=Tom Arnold (politician)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Piotr_Wilniewczyc=Piotr Wilniewczyc
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_Spotswood=Alexander Spotswood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dave_Bautista=Dave Bautista
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gerald_Nye=Gerald Nye
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Art_Eggleton=Art Eggleton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jason_Connery=Jason Connery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cornelius_Nepos=Cornelius Nepos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miriam_Stoppard=Miriam Stoppard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Constance_Garnett=Constance Garnett
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Otto_Guevara=Otto Guevara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Branch_Giles=William Branch Giles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rufus_Wainwright=Rufus Wainwright
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nathalie_Sarraute=Nathalie Sarraute
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Basil_Hirschowitz=Basil Hirschowitz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_J._Shields=Peter J. Shields
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Clarke_(English_politician)=William Clarke (English politician)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yang_Jianli=Yang Jianli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kate_Bornstein=Kate Bornstein
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Omar_Epps=Omar Epps
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dick_Rutan=Dick Rutan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Lowman=David Lowman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Delta_Burke=Delta Burke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kathleen_Battle=Kathleen Battle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Brunt=David Brunt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Fergusson_(architect)=James Fergusson (architect)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Arthur_Jones=Henry Arthur Jones
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frank_Hurley=Frank Hurley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_C._Bowen=John C. Bowen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nina_Gorlanova=Nina Gorlanova
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bertrand_Piccard=Bertrand Piccard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kristy_McNichol=Kristy McNichol
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doris_Grau=Doris Grau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marion_Rung=Marion Rung
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kay_Francis=Kay Francis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jim_Coplien=Jim Coplien
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Johnson_(sprinter)=Michael Johnson (sprinter)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lasse_Braun=Lasse Braun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierre_Woodman=Pierre Woodman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joe_D'Amato=Joe D'Amato
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_Rollin=Jean Rollin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luca_Damiano=Luca Damiano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Hopkinson=Charles Hopkinson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_James_Thomson=Robert James Thomson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jonny_Hurst=Jonny Hurst
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Omar_Ahmad=Omar Ahmad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joe_Juneau_(prospector)=Joe Juneau (prospector)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kenneth_Meshoe=Kenneth Meshoe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Harris_(prospector)=Richard Harris (prospector)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abdul_Rahman_(Afghan_minister)=Abdul Rahman (Afghan minister)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frank_Russell,_2nd_Earl_Russell=Frank Russell, 2nd Earl Russell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicholas_Daniel=Nicholas Daniel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jerri_Manthey=Jerri Manthey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matthew_Lewis_(actor)=Matthew Lewis (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rupert_Boneham=Rupert Boneham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mateo_Romero_(composer)=Mateo Romero (composer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jonny_Fairplay=Jonny Fairplay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ken_Batcher=Ken Batcher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wade_Robson=Wade Robson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blind_Tom_Wiggins=Blind Tom Wiggins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philippe_van_Lansberge=Philippe van Lansberge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amanda_Walsh=Amanda Walsh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christine_Cushing=Christine Cushing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sherman_Hemsley=Sherman Hemsley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isabel_Sanford=Isabel Sanford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kevin_Millar=Kevin Millar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frederick_Elwyn_Jones,_Baron_Elwyn-Jones=Frederick Elwyn Jones, Baron Elwyn-Jones
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adolf_Guyer-Zeller=Adolf Guyer-Zeller
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ahmad_Baba_al_Massufi=Ahmad Baba al Massufi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Badi'_al-Zaman_al-Hamadani=Badi' al-Zaman al-Hamadani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christine_Baranski=Christine Baranski
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jonathan_Arnold=Jonathan Arnold
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frank_Borzage=Frank Borzage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colin_Campbell,_1st_Earl_of_Argyll=Colin Campbell, 1st Earl of Argyll
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Archibald_Campbell,_2nd_Earl_of_Argyll=Archibald Campbell, 2nd Earl of Argyll
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colin_Campbell,_3rd_Earl_of_Argyll=Colin Campbell, 3rd Earl of Argyll
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Bouts=Paul Bouts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Archibald_Campbell,_4th_Earl_of_Argyll=Archibald Campbell, 4th Earl of Argyll
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marshall_Savage=Marshall Savage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colin_Campbell,_6th_Earl_of_Argyll=Colin Campbell, 6th Earl of Argyll
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Baptista_Ashe_(representative)=John Baptista Ashe (representative)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rena_Sofer=Rena Sofer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Baptista_Ashe_(Continental_Congress)=John Baptista Ashe (Continental Congress)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Will_Patton=Will Patton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Susan_Flannery=Susan Flannery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robbie_Conal=Robbie Conal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tommy_Tune=Tommy Tune
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Shaughnessy=Charles Shaughnessy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jennifer_Finnigan=Jennifer Finnigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Winsor_Harmon=Winsor Harmon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bill_Hayes_(actor)=Bill Hayes (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joan_Van_Ark=Joan Van Ark
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Victoria_Principal=Victoria Principal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sean_Kanan=Sean Kanan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sachiko_M=Sachiko M
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Melissa_Reeves=Melissa Reeves
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Nader=Michael Nader
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emma_Samms=Emma Samms
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Linda_Evans=Linda Evans
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ben_Savage=Ben Savage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ted_McGinley=Ted McGinley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jaimee_Foxworth=Jaimee Foxworth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laura_San_Giacomo=Laura San Giacomo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scott_Reeves=Scott Reeves
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cathy_Berberian=Cathy Berberian
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrea_Barber=Andrea Barber
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henri_Dutilleux=Henri Dutilleux
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colleen_Haskell=Colleen Haskell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theodor_Kullak=Theodor Kullak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sada_Jacobson=Sada Jacobson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deidre_Hall=Deidre Hall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_Boyer_(director)=Jean Boyer (director)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_Chardin=Jean Chardin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kazuki_Takahashi=Kazuki Takahashi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jim_McLay=Jim McLay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nell_Campbell=Nell Campbell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anthony_LaPaglia=Anthony LaPaglia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Felix_Slade=Felix Slade
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Wapakhabulo=James Wapakhabulo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raymond_Chang_(chemist)=Raymond Chang (chemist)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cynisca=Cynisca
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nagoum_Yamassoum=Nagoum Yamassoum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seyoum_Mesfin=Seyoum Mesfin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mohamed_El-Amine_Souef=Mohamed El-Amine Souef
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Satish_Kumar=Satish Kumar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Gallagher=Peter Gallagher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patrick_Trevor-Roper=Patrick Trevor-Roper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jonathan_King=Jonathan King
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marion_Hutton=Marion Hutton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Gair=George Gair
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adalbert,_Duke_of_Lorraine=Adalbert, Duke of Lorraine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Simon_II,_Duke_of_Lorraine=Simon II, Duke of Lorraine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theodoric_II,_Duke_of_Lorraine=Theodoric II, Duke of Lorraine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Simon_I,_Duke_of_Lorraine=Simon I, Duke of Lorraine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frederick_II,_Duke_of_Lorraine=Frederick II, Duke of Lorraine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matthias_I,_Duke_of_Lorraine=Matthias I, Duke of Lorraine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frederick_I,_Duke_of_Lorraine=Frederick I, Duke of Lorraine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theobald_I,_Duke_of_Lorraine=Theobald I, Duke of Lorraine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matthias_II,_Duke_of_Lorraine=Matthias II, Duke of Lorraine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theobald_II,_Duke_of_Lorraine=Theobald II, Duke of Lorraine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frederick_IV,_Duke_of_Lorraine=Frederick IV, Duke of Lorraine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frederick_III,_Duke_of_Lorraine=Frederick III, Duke of Lorraine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_I,_Duke_of_Lorraine=John I, Duke of Lorraine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_II,_Duke_of_Lorraine=John II, Duke of Lorraine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicholas_I,_Duke_of_Lorraine=Nicholas I, Duke of Lorraine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_II,_Duke_of_Lorraine=Charles II, Duke of Lorraine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_III,_Duke_of_Lorraine=Charles III, Duke of Lorraine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Derek_Quigley=Derek Quigley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Claude,_Duke_of_Guise=Claude, Duke of Guise
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean,_Cardinal_of_Lorraine=Jean, Cardinal of Lorraine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Laws=John Laws
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Harington_Gubbins=John Harington Gubbins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Dale=Richard Dale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seth_Lover=Seth Lover
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toby_Spence=Toby Spence
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anthony,_Duke_of_Brabant=Anthony, Duke of Brabant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Ben-Haim=Paul Ben-Haim
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Malcolm-Jamal_Warner=Malcolm-Jamal Warner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leszek_Balcerowicz=Leszek Balcerowicz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_C._Phillips=Joseph C. Phillips
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Denman_Ross=Denman Ross
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Masao_Adachi=Masao Adachi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mick_Cain=Mick Cain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Masiela_Lusha=Masiela Lusha
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dylan_McDermott=Dylan McDermott
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Badalucco=Michael Badalucco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Garrison=David Garrison
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jensen_Ackles=Jensen Ackles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Prestwich=Joseph Prestwich
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Camryn_Manheim=Camryn Manheim
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lisa_Gay_Hamilton=Lisa Gay Hamilton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kelli_Williams=Kelli Williams
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jessica_Capshaw=Jessica Capshaw
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daniel_Giraud_Elliot=Daniel Giraud Elliot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alex_Pacheco_(baseball)=Alex Pacheco (baseball)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zhao_Mengfu=Zhao Mengfu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frank_J._Selke=Frank J. Selke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeong_Cheol=Jeong Cheol
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bada_Shanren=Bada Shanren
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_Tausig=Carl Tausig
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Olaudah_Equiano=Olaudah Equiano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richie_Dalmau=Richie Dalmau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Suzuki_Harunobu=Suzuki Harunobu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Al-Khansa=Al-Khansa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Widgery=David Widgery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eric_Judy=Eric Judy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeremiah_Green=Jeremiah Green
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Connor_Trinneer=Connor Trinneer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ricardo_Dalmau=Ricardo Dalmau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liang_Kai=Liang Kai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ma_Zhiyuan=Ma Zhiyuan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madeline_Zima=Madeline Zima
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Juan_de_Mena=Juan de Mena
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Mofolo=Thomas Mofolo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Masaki_Liu=Masaki Liu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tyne_Daly=Tyne Daly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steven_Culp=Steven Culp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rafer_Johnson=Rafer Johnson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jiang_Kui=Jiang Kui
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Faith_Prince=Faith Prince
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wang_Meng_(Former_Qin)=Wang Meng (Former Qin)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cai_Wenji=Cai Wenji
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theresa_LePore=Theresa LePore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robby_Benson=Robby Benson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benjamin_Salisbury=Benjamin Salisbury
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Young_Harris=Young Harris
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gabriele_Amorth=Gabriele Amorth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sherry_Stringfield=Sherry Stringfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kim_Delaney=Kim Delaney
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dave_Foley=Dave Foley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stephen_Root=Stephen Root
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hippolyte_Bouchard=Hippolyte Bouchard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Bertrand_(Australian_sailor)=John Bertrand (Australian sailor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tristan_Rogers=Tristan Rogers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Daniels=William Daniels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kristine_Kathryn_Rusch=Kristine Kathryn Rusch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roland_Gift=Roland Gift
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walter_Noel=Walter Noel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christine_Lahti=Christine Lahti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/H._M._Walker=H. M. Walker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Claudio_Bunster=Claudio Bunster
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Khalid_Abdul_Muhammad=Khalid Abdul Muhammad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gill_Fox=Gill Fox
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elke_Sommer=Elke Sommer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Catherine_Chidgey=Catherine Chidgey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alison_LaPlaca=Alison LaPlaca
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dan_Lusthaus=Dan Lusthaus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Venn_Young=Venn Young
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heather_Mallick=Heather Mallick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jackie_Curtis=Jackie Curtis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samuel_John_Atlee=Samuel John Atlee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Betsy_McCaughey=Betsy McCaughey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Banister_(lawyer)=John Banister (lawyer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Banister_(anatomist)=John Banister (anatomist)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Cutlar_Fergusson=Robert Cutlar Fergusson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Banister_(naturalist)=John Banister (naturalist)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eric_Blore=Eric Blore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raphael_Lemkin=Raphael Lemkin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anselm_Franz=Anselm Franz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Simon_Reeve_(British_TV_presenter)=Simon Reeve (British TV presenter)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacques_Poos=Jacques Poos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rainis=Rainis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tilman_Riemenschneider=Tilman Riemenschneider
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doug_Frost_(swimming_coach)=Doug Frost (swimming coach)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rudaki=Rudaki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don_Gambril=Don Gambril
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Quick=Richard Quick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bill_Sweetenham=Bill Sweetenham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barry_B._Longyear=Barry B. Longyear
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shemp_Howard=Shemp Howard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Susan_Hawk=Susan Hawk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scopas=Scopas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Malice_Green=Malice Green
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_MacEnery=John MacEnery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Westley_Allan_Dodd=Westley Allan Dodd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Pengelly=William Pengelly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A._M._Rosenthal=A. M. Rosenthal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rachel_Hunter_(author)=Rachel Hunter (author)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jo_Marie_Payton=Jo Marie Payton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kim_Wayans=Kim Wayans
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shawn_Wayans=Shawn Wayans
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dexter_Scott_King=Dexter Scott King
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hermann_von_Richthofen=Hermann von Richthofen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leonard_J._Arrington=Leonard J. Arrington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Short,_Baron_Glenamara=Edward Short, Baron Glenamara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Linda_Kasabian=Linda Kasabian
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Justin_King_(businessman)=Justin King (businessman)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Unkei=Unkei
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elizabeth_Blodgett_Hall=Elizabeth Blodgett Hall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zeami_Motokiyo=Zeami Motokiyo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amy_Irving=Amy Irving
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Billy_Crudup=Billy Crudup
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laurance_Rockefeller=Laurance Rockefeller
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mary-Louise_Parker=Mary-Louise Parker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_H._Hinton=William H. Hinton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Rockefeller=David Rockefeller
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Lorenz_von_Mosheim=Johann Lorenz von Mosheim
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brian_Rix=Brian Rix
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bernard_Barker=Bernard Barker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stanley_Unwin_(publisher)=Stanley Unwin (publisher)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ronaldus_Shamask=Ronaldus Shamask
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leo_Navratil=Leo Navratil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oswald_Tschirtner=Oswald Tschirtner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ezekiel_Cheever=Ezekiel Cheever
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Linda_Fiorentino=Linda Fiorentino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Arveson=William Arveson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/B._H._Roberts=B. H. Roberts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Redfield_Proctor=Redfield Proctor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dagmar_(American_actress)=Dagmar (American actress)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Jaeckel=Richard Jaeckel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kellie_Maloney=Kellie Maloney
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scott_Diddams=Scott Diddams
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anna_Lee=Anna Lee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/R._Stephen_Berry=R. Stephen Berry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Bathurst,_1st_Viscount_Bledisloe=Charles Bathurst, 1st Viscount Bledisloe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bruce_McNall=Bruce McNall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harold_Russell=Harold Russell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ian_Macfarlane_(economist)=Ian Macfarlane (economist)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vanessa_Paradis=Vanessa Paradis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yuri_I_of_Galicia=Yuri I of Galicia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gabriel_Okara=Gabriel Okara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Finn_Ronne=Finn Ronne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jackie_Ronne=Jackie Ronne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shinzo_Hamai=Shinzo Hamai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clifford_Alexander,_Jr.=Clifford Alexander, Jr.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Towers_(businessman)=John Towers (businessman)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Condell_(mayor)=Henry Condell (mayor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jonathan_Shapiro=Jonathan Shapiro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Dudley,_2nd_Earl_of_Warwick=John Dudley, 2nd Earl of Warwick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dennis_Dawson=Dennis Dawson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kenji_Mizoguchi=Kenji Mizoguchi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kylie_Travis=Kylie Travis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Wainwright_(politician)=Richard Wainwright (politician)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Suze_Rotolo=Suze Rotolo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Osmo_Soininvaara=Osmo Soininvaara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ambrose_Dudley,_3rd_Earl_of_Warwick=Ambrose Dudley, 3rd Earl of Warwick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elizabeth_Eckford=Elizabeth Eckford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Satu_Hassi=Satu Hassi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Davis_(businessman)=Peter Davis (businessman)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Silberschlag=Johann Silberschlag
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arvind_Rajaraman=Arvind Rajaraman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lach=Lach
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friedrich_Stolz=Friedrich Stolz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Wright_(journalist)=Robert Wright (journalist)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lisa_Hammer=Lisa Hammer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karl_Nesselrode=Karl Nesselrode
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Bayard=John Bayard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Wright_(politician)=Robert Wright (politician)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leila_Khaled=Leila Khaled
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Wright,_Jr.=Robert Wright, Jr.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_A._Bayard_(elder)=James A. Bayard (elder)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angela_Perez_Baraquio=Angela Perez Baraquio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Wooster=Edward Wooster
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Watts=Michael Watts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kenny_Blank=Kenny Blank
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madeleine_Astor=Madeleine Astor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Sheppard_(composer)=John Sheppard (composer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Candy_Crowley=Candy Crowley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raquel_Lee=Raquel Lee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alisa_Reyes=Alisa Reyes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Justin_Shenkarow=Justin Shenkarow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Danitra_Vance=Danitra Vance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kel_Mitchell=Kel Mitchell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steve_Stirling=Steve Stirling
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_Renney=Tom Renney
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bill_Hardman=Bill Hardman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Butterworth=Peter Butterworth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_O'Byrne=John O'Byrne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Helge_Boes=Helge Boes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack_Bradbury=Jack Bradbury
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Daly_(radio_and_television_personality)=John Daly (radio and television personality)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frederick_Redlich=Frederick Redlich
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cokie_Roberts=Cokie Roberts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marlene_Catterall=Marlene Catterall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jerry_Wald=Jerry Wald
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Larry_McCormick_(Canadian_politician)=Larry McCormick (Canadian politician)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bob_Kilger=Bob Kilger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Katherine_Rich_(politician)=Katherine Rich (politician)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sir_William_James,_1st_Baronet=Sir William James, 1st Baronet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Joynson-Hicks,_1st_Viscount_Brentford=William Joynson-Hicks, 1st Viscount Brentford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maureen_Caird=Maureen Caird
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Jupp=Richard Jupp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clifford_Jarvis=Clifford Jarvis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pete_La_Roca=Pete La Roca
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stefan_Kudelski=Stefan Kudelski
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oliver_Brown_(civil_rights)=Oliver Brown (civil rights)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mark_Steyn=Mark Steyn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frederick_I,_Duke_of_Swabia=Frederick I, Duke of Swabia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Rees_(journalist)=John Rees (journalist)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frederick_II,_Duke_of_Swabia=Frederick II, Duke of Swabia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dan_Gilvezan=Dan Gilvezan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bernard_Cowan=Bernard Cowan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joe_Manganiello=Joe Manganiello
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicholas_Hammond=Nicholas Hammond
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roy_Allen=Roy Allen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jane_Swinnerton=Jane Swinnerton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luke_Wilson=Luke Wilson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Landis=John Landis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Melinda_Messenger=Melinda Messenger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diana_Dors=Diana Dors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Rush=Richard Rush
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Montek_Singh_Ahluwalia=Montek Singh Ahluwalia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Pellatt=Henry Pellatt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prem_Rawat=Prem Rawat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jerome_Robbins=Jerome Robbins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Neil_Aggett=Neil Aggett
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emil_Gilels=Emil Gilels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kenan_Thompson=Kenan Thompson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Eliot,_2nd_Earl_of_St_Germans=William Eliot, 2nd Earl of St Germans
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Eckert=William Eckert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Eliot,_1st_Earl_of_St_Germans=John Eliot, 1st Earl of St Germans
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Archibald_Campbell,_7th_Earl_of_Argyll=Archibald Campbell, 7th Earl of Argyll
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amelia_Boynton_Robinson=Amelia Boynton Robinson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/June_Taylor=June Taylor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paula_Dobriansky=Paula Dobriansky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stewart_Sutherland,_Baron_Sutherland_of_Houndwood=Stewart Sutherland, Baron Sutherland of Houndwood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lauren_Tom=Lauren Tom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vanessa_Ferlito=Vanessa Ferlito
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Campbell_Eyton=Thomas Campbell Eyton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carmine_Giovinazzo=Carmine Giovinazzo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alan_Cobham=Alan Cobham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dan_Rostenkowski=Dan Rostenkowski
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Shattuck=John Shattuck
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_M._Daley=William M. Daley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hill_Harper=Hill Harper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Percy_M._Young=Percy M. Young
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hugh_Nibley=Hugh Nibley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colm_Feore=Colm Feore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mark_Allen_(triathlete)=Mark Allen (triathlete)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_W._Belknap=William W. Belknap
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paula_Newby-Fraser=Paula Newby-Fraser
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Camille_Flammarion=Camille Flammarion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dan_Hays=Dan Hays
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack_Austin=Jack Austin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfred_Gwynne_Vanderbilt_I=Alfred Gwynne Vanderbilt I
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfred_Gwynne_Vanderbilt_II=Alfred Gwynne Vanderbilt II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ian_Mikardo=Ian Mikardo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfre_Woodard=Alfre Woodard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_Eller=Carl Eller
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matthew_Vaughn=Matthew Vaughn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frank_Marshall_(film_producer)=Frank Marshall (film producer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Baird_(Canadian_politician)=John Baird (Canadian politician)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phyllis_George=Phyllis George
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norman_Lamm=Norman Lamm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christopher_Latham_Sholes=Christopher Latham Sholes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isaac_of_Armenia=Isaac of Armenia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Victor_Buono=Victor Buono
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dru_Drury=Dru Drury
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_Blok=Alexander Blok
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Brandon=Richard Brandon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bill_Rowling=Bill Rowling
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Mowlem=John Mowlem
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prataprao_Gujar=Prataprao Gujar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Burt_(Britain)=George Burt (Britain)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Somnath_Chatterjee=Somnath Chatterjee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sarah_Blanck=Sarah Blanck
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Herbie_Lewis=Herbie Lewis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johnny_Sheffield=Johnny Sheffield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daniel_James_Wolf=Daniel James Wolf
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Craterus=Craterus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Francis_Stephens=James Francis Stephens
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emily_Procter=Emily Procter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clifford_Irving=Clifford Irving
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maria_Schicklgruber=Maria Schicklgruber
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anthony_Tether=Anthony Tether
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gary_Dourdan=Gary Dourdan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ignaz_Seipel=Ignaz Seipel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christian_Monyk=Christian Monyk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Miles=David Miles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_Cavanagh=Tom Cavanagh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Julie_Bowen=Julie Bowen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Wolpe=Joseph Wolpe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Bassnett=Thomas Bassnett
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Handcock,_1st_Viscount_Castlemaine=William Handcock, 1st Viscount Castlemaine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_S._Hart=William S. Hart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trip_Hawkins=Trip Hawkins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Margaret_Walker=Margaret Walker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/C._D._Darlington=C. D. Darlington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bill_Veeck=Bill Veeck
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Merrill_De_Maris=Merrill De Maris
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Eliot,_4th_Earl_of_St_Germans=William Eliot, 4th Earl of St Germans
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kelsang_Gyatso=Kelsang Gyatso
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_Fallberg=Carl Fallberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bi_Sheng=Bi Sheng
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrew_Irvine_(mountaineer)=Andrew Irvine (mountaineer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dan_and_Frank_Carney=Dan and Frank Carney
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Julius_Curtius=Julius Curtius
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leonid_Nikolaev=Leonid Nikolaev
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bengt_Lidner=Bengt Lidner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tony_Sunshine=Tony Sunshine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philip_Herbert_Cowell=Philip Herbert Cowell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vasiliy_Ulrikh=Vasiliy Ulrikh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nirmala_Srivastava=Nirmala Srivastava
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gordon_Elliott=Gordon Elliott
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vince_Vaughn=Vince Vaughn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Teitelbaum=Richard Teitelbaum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rachael_Ray=Rachael Ray
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrew_Cunningham_(politician)=Andrew Cunningham (politician)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meg_Tilly=Meg Tilly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/E._K._Nayanar=E. K. Nayanar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Beckwith_McInnes=William Beckwith McInnes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicolae_Cajal=Nicolae Cajal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Markoff=John Markoff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tao_Yuanming=Tao Yuanming
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Donald_P._Bellisario=Donald P. Bellisario
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Viktor_Lazlo=Viktor Lazlo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ejaz_Lakdawala=Ejaz Lakdawala
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wyatt_Emory_Cooper=Wyatt Emory Cooper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sylvain_Salnave=Sylvain Salnave
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sigrun_Wodars=Sigrun Wodars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theudimer=Theudimer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karin_Balzer=Karin Balzer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Domingo_Santos=Domingo Santos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ed_Derwinski=Ed Derwinski
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thug_Behram=Thug Behram
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eva_Silverstein=Eva Silverstein
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gary_Morton=Gary Morton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Eliot,_5th_Earl_of_St_Germans=Henry Eliot, 5th Earl of St Germans
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Bartlett_Eastman=Joseph Bartlett Eastman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ghassan_Kanafani=Ghassan Kanafani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isaac_Chauncey=Isaac Chauncey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gatemouth_Moore=Gatemouth Moore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mavis_Hutchinson=Mavis Hutchinson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Enzo_Biagi=Enzo Biagi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carole_Keeton_Strayhorn=Carole Keeton Strayhorn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fred_Raul=Fred Raul
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bent_Hamer=Bent Hamer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lloyd_Kaufman=Lloyd Kaufman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Dargan=William Dargan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack_Eckerd=Jack Eckerd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harold_Evans=Harold Evans
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack_Kracken=Jack Kracken
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alice_Krige=Alice Krige
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Broome_(politician)=John Broome (politician)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Art_Sykes=Art Sykes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Broome=William Broome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rob_Paulsen=Rob Paulsen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francis_Place=Francis Place
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amy_Tuck=Amy Tuck
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dick_Molpus=Dick Molpus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Li_Jiao_(Tang_dynasty)=Li Jiao (Tang dynasty)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DeForest_Soaries=DeForest Soaries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carol_Weihrer=Carol Weihrer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gary_Jennings=Gary Jennings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Menezes=Henry Menezes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adriaen_Isenbrandt=Adriaen Isenbrandt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wang_Wei_(17th-century_poet)=Wang Wei (17th-century poet)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gao_Qi=Gao Qi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cui_Hao_(poet)=Cui Hao (poet)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guido_Knopp=Guido Knopp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kateryna_Lagno=Kateryna Lagno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrew_Kirkpatrick_(lawyer)=Andrew Kirkpatrick (lawyer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manuel_de_Arriaga=Manuel de Arriaga
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Hardie_Boys=Michael Hardie Boys
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Zeckendorf=William Zeckendorf
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Masayoshi_Shimizu=Masayoshi Shimizu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gottfried_van_Swieten=Gottfried van Swieten
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lili_Damita=Lili Damita
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henri_Berger=Henri Berger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hayk=Hayk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brian_Moore_(commentator)=Brian Moore (commentator)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Larry_LaPrise=Larry LaPrise
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean-Paul_Crespelle=Jean-Paul Crespelle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greg_Critser=Greg Critser
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mayuko_Aoki=Mayuko Aoki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Rogers_(Irish_lawyer)=John Rogers (Irish lawyer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nathaniel_de_Rothschild=Nathaniel de Rothschild
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lambert_Cadwalader=Lambert Cadwalader
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dave_Markey=Dave Markey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bill_Bellamy=Bill Bellamy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Cadwalader=Thomas Cadwalader
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Cadwalader_(general)=John Cadwalader (general)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_C._Peniston=Robert C. Peniston
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jules_Verreaux=Jules Verreaux
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierre_Antoine_Delalande=Pierre Antoine Delalande
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mary_Dresselhuys=Mary Dresselhuys
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Young_(naval_officer)=John Young (naval officer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ruth_Wallis=Ruth Wallis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lee_Bowers=Lee Bowers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vipul_Ved_Prakash=Vipul Ved Prakash
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Immanuel_Mifsud=Immanuel Mifsud
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Cator=John Cator
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tim_Crow=Tim Crow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gerhard_Klopfer=Gerhard Klopfer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aras_Habib=Aras Habib
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Georg_Hiedler=Johann Georg Hiedler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Terri_Schiavo_case=Terri Schiavo case
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Strathairn=David Strathairn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ernesto_Cardenal=Ernesto Cardenal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ignacio_Bonillas=Ignacio Bonillas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emilio_Carranza=Emilio Carranza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Al_Oerter=Al Oerter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joey_Curtis=Joey Curtis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Cameron_Forbes=William Cameron Forbes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Graydon_Carter=Graydon Carter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kurt_Andersen=Kurt Andersen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Dudley_Cabot=Thomas Dudley Cabot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Godfrey_Lowell_Cabot=Godfrey Lowell Cabot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rosemarie_Ackermann=Rosemarie Ackermann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Roberts_(Canadian_politician)=Edward Roberts (Canadian politician)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albert_I,_Duke_of_Saxony=Albert I, Duke of Saxony
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joyce_Cary=Joyce Cary
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_F._Wagner=Robert F. Wagner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_Mann=Tom Mann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jia_Dao=Jia Dao
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steve_Zodiac=Steve Zodiac
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carly_Schroeder=Carly Schroeder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joshua_Pusey=Joshua Pusey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Berossus=Berossus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Art_Phipps=Art Phipps
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hyacinthe_Thiandoum=Hyacinthe Thiandoum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christopher_Addison,_1st_Viscount_Addison=Christopher Addison, 1st Viscount Addison
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A._V._Alexander,_1st_Earl_Alexander_of_Hillsborough=A. V. Alexander, 1st Earl Alexander of Hillsborough
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bill_Graham_(promoter)=Bill Graham (promoter)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johan_Ludvig_Holstein-Ledreborg=Johan Ludvig Holstein-Ledreborg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alain_Robbe-Grillet=Alain Robbe-Grillet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glynis_Nunn=Glynis Nunn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sandra_Kalniete=Sandra Kalniete
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madan_Lal_Khurana=Madan Lal Khurana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matthew_Carnahan=Matthew Carnahan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bill_McBirnie=Bill McBirnie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Po_Bronson=Po Bronson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mark_Kimmitt=Mark Kimmitt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manishtushu=Manishtushu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shar-Kali-Sharri=Shar-Kali-Sharri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Pardoe=John Pardoe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Imi=Imi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elulu=Elulu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shu-turul=Shu-turul
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michel_Corrette=Michel Corrette
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mohammad_Fazel_Lankarani=Mohammad Fazel Lankarani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amihai_Mazar=Amihai Mazar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jessie_Wallace=Jessie Wallace
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chief_Mkwawa=Chief Mkwawa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hendrik_van_Gent=Hendrik van Gent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bert_Hinkler=Bert Hinkler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colleen_Dewhurst=Colleen Dewhurst
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bill_Kurtis=Bill Kurtis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Nixon_(magician)=David Nixon (magician)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carel_Struycken=Carel Struycken
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scott_Weinger=Scott Weinger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daniel_Komen=Daniel Komen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Scot=Michael Scot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/C._C._Young=C. C. Young
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jim_Edgar=Jim Edgar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luo_Yan_(screenwriter)=Luo Yan (screenwriter)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Lenox=James Lenox
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_B._Hill=David B. Hill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ennis_Cosby=Ennis Cosby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christopher_Castile=Christopher Castile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_V._Monaco=James V. Monaco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nathaniel_William_Taylor=Nathaniel William Taylor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Howard_R._Garis=Howard R. Garis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clarence_Young=Clarence Young
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_B._Davis=William B. Davis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ronald_Perelman=Ronald Perelman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Eliot,_6th_Earl_of_St_Germans=John Eliot, 6th Earl of St Germans
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Granville_Eliot,_7th_Earl_of_St_Germans=Granville Eliot, 7th Earl of St Germans
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wayne_Huizenga=Wayne Huizenga
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicholas_Eliot,_9th_Earl_of_St_Germans=Nicholas Eliot, 9th Earl of St Germans
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cecilia_Bartoli=Cecilia Bartoli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jago_Eliot=Jago Eliot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ansegisel=Ansegisel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Begga=Begga
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierre_Molinier=Pierre Molinier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_Shiley=Jean Shiley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hugh_Walpole=Hugh Walpole
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francesca_Annis=Francesca Annis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Simon_Marks,_1st_Baron_Marks_of_Broughton=Simon Marks, 1st Baron Marks of Broughton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francis_Palgrave=Francis Palgrave
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Todd_Bridges=Todd Bridges
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rob_Estes=Rob Estes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anton_Dolin=Anton Dolin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfred_East=Alfred East
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_H._Webster=William H. Webster
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anthony_Quayle=Anthony Quayle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jessye_Norman=Jessye Norman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anthony_Panizzi=Anthony Panizzi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sterling_Allen_Brown=Sterling Allen Brown
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ashley_Johnson=Ashley Johnson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Will_Friedle=Will Friedle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Cubitt,_1st_Baron_Ashcombe=George Cubitt, 1st Baron Ashcombe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jonathan_Jackson_(actor)=Jonathan Jackson (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don_Quarrie=Don Quarrie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cynthia_Watros=Cynthia Watros
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karel_Voous=Karel Voous
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Scott_(Orangeman)=Thomas Scott (Orangeman)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pietro_Mennea=Pietro Mennea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_G._Jones=Edward G. Jones
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anthony_Denny=Anthony Denny
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bahia_Hariri=Bahia Hariri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saadat_Hasan_Manto=Saadat Hasan Manto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Austin_O'Brien=Austin O'Brien
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lou_Diamond_Phillips=Lou Diamond Phillips
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Victor_Adolphe_Malte-Brun=Victor Adolphe Malte-Brun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yevgeny_Tarle=Yevgeny Tarle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Conrad_Malte-Brun=Conrad Malte-Brun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kuda_Bux=Kuda Bux
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Davis_(philosopher)=Michael Davis (philosopher)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Elliott_(surgeon)=George Elliott (surgeon)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nils_Dacke=Nils Dacke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_H._Salus=Peter H. Salus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henri_Nannen=Henri Nannen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Spencer,_8th_Earl_Spencer=John Spencer, 8th Earl Spencer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gordon_Gray_(politician)=Gordon Gray (politician)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frederick_Brian_Pickering=Frederick Brian Pickering
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Evans_(linguist)=James Evans (linguist)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daphne_Zuniga=Daphne Zuniga
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Poynter=Edward Poynter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jenna_Elfman=Jenna Elfman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Macdonald_Carey=Macdonald Carey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fred_Ossanna=Fred Ossanna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jessica_Biel=Jessica Biel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ian_Gilmour,_Baron_Gilmour_of_Craigmillar=Ian Gilmour, Baron Gilmour of Craigmillar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Belinus=Belinus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alain_Mimoun=Alain Mimoun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leroy_Matthiesen=Leroy Matthiesen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Onkelos=Onkelos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brennius=Brennius
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pat_Garrett=Pat Garrett
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brendan_Kibble=Brendan Kibble
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Siegfried_Wagner=Siegfried Wagner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bdale_Garbee=Bdale Garbee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jesse_Clyde_Nichols=Jesse Clyde Nichols
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frank_Packer=Frank Packer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bill_Hunter_(ice_hockey)=Bill Hunter (ice hockey)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charlayne_Hunter-Gault=Charlayne Hunter-Gault
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Helen_Schucman=Helen Schucman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Klara_Hitler=Klara Hitler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dick_Douglas=Dick Douglas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sylvia_(singer)=Sylvia (singer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friedrich_von_Flotow=Friedrich von Flotow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Lions=John Lions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christopher_Tilley=Christopher Tilley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Robertson_(Scottish_Labour_Party_founder)=John Robertson (Scottish Labour Party founder)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Robertson_(congressman)=John Robertson (congressman)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marvin_D._Girardeau=Marvin D. Girardeau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marcus_Antonius_Primus=Marcus Antonius Primus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nathaniel_Folsom=Nathaniel Folsom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_M._Crane=William M. Crane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sin-Muballit=Sin-Muballit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bernard_Leach=Bernard Leach
http://dbpedia.org/resource/J._S._G._Boggs=J. S. G. Boggs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rip_Rapson=Rip Rapson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Quantick=David Quantick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eliyahu_Eliezer_Dessler=Eliyahu Eliezer Dessler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dorinne_K._Kondo=Dorinne K. Kondo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anna_Moffo=Anna Moffo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Beckwourth=James Beckwourth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_S._Laughlin=William S. Laughlin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Byron=Robert Byron
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leo_T._McCarthy=Leo T. McCarthy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Margot_Asquith,_Countess_of_Oxford_and_Asquith=Margot Asquith, Countess of Oxford and Asquith
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antipope_Honorius_II=Antipope Honorius II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leo_Cherne=Leo Cherne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Grey=Richard Grey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_S._Monagan=John S. Monagan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albert_Brewer=Albert Brewer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_G._Stewart=William G. Stewart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aviad_Raz=Aviad Raz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Jago=Richard Jago
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Felix_Arndt=Felix Arndt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zail_Singh=Zail Singh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Wehrle=Paul Wehrle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gary_Kremen=Gary Kremen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Stoltenberg=John Stoltenberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Corbett=John Corbett
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Janine_Turner=Janine Turner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keshia_Knight_Pulliam=Keshia Knight Pulliam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Linda_Gary=Linda Gary
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Jesus_Angleton=James Jesus Angleton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anthony_Philip_Heinrich=Anthony Philip Heinrich
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Butch_Warren=Butch Warren
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Hancock_(softball)=George Hancock (softball)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nick_Cook=Nick Cook
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ruby_Elzy=Ruby Elzy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Darley=Thomas Darley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anne_Brown=Anne Brown
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Todd_Duncan=Todd Duncan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Hunter_(historian)=James Hunter (historian)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Margaret_Pomeranz=Margaret Pomeranz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Stratton=David Stratton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joe_DeLoach=Joe DeLoach
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stuart_Brisley=Stuart Brisley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Graves=Richard Graves
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Newton=Robert Newton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prince_Hoare_(younger)=Prince Hoare (younger)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Hoare=William Hoare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giuseppe_Grisoni=Giuseppe Grisoni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_McDouall_Stuart=John McDouall Stuart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Ries=Henry Ries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Denis_the_Carthusian=Denis the Carthusian
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Olga_Sinclair=Olga Sinclair
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfredo_Sinclair=Alfredo Sinclair
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guillermo_Trujillo=Guillermo Trujillo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eric_Wolf=Eric Wolf
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sonia_Manzano=Sonia Manzano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Alexander_Smith_(Boys'_Brigade)=William Alexander Smith (Boys' Brigade)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Dowty=George Dowty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vince_McMahon,_Sr.=Vince McMahon, Sr.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Linda_McMahon=Linda McMahon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philippe_de_Rothschild=Philippe de Rothschild
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frank_Dunn=Frank Dunn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Prescott=Richard Prescott
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bernard_Wasserstein=Bernard Wasserstein
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_LaPorta=John LaPorta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicholas_Williams=Nicholas Williams
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adam_Penenberg=Adam Penenberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gregory_Rabassa=Gregory Rabassa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Murray_(theologian)=John Murray (theologian)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mike_Lange=Mike Lange
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Magaw=Robert Magaw
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Natasha_Lyonne=Natasha Lyonne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mara_Wilson=Mara Wilson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tommy_Kirk=Tommy Kirk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miguel_Serrano=Miguel Serrano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shakhbut_bin_Dhiyab_Al_Nahyan=Shakhbut bin Dhiyab Al Nahyan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Suzie_Plakson=Suzie Plakson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Lowry=Thomas Lowry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yom_Tov_Tzahalon=Yom Tov Tzahalon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nat_Reeves=Nat Reeves
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steve_Davis_(trombonist)=Steve Davis (trombonist)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jennifer_Grey=Jennifer Grey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keiko_Kitagawa=Keiko Kitagawa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carla_Bonner=Carla Bonner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Judge_Reinhold=Judge Reinhold
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Goss_(composer)=John Goss (composer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Steell=John Steell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reginald_Sheffield=Reginald Sheffield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edwin_Denby_(politician)=Edwin Denby (politician)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sir_Richard_Wallace,_1st_Baronet=Sir Richard Wallace, 1st Baronet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Wirt_(Attorney_General)=William Wirt (Attorney General)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_Solomon=Carl Solomon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bertram_Thomas=Bertram Thomas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jemima_Wilkinson=Jemima Wilkinson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sela_Ward=Sela Ward
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hugh_Kennedy=Hugh Kennedy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ron_Mueck=Ron Mueck
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Burnett=William Burnett
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Heywood=John Heywood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacob_Burnet=Jacob Burnet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Smith_(architect)=George Smith (architect)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rod_Hall=Rod Hall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Andreu=Paul Andreu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marius_von_Mayenburg=Marius von Mayenburg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benjamin_Creswick=Benjamin Creswick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Moynihan_(journalist)=Michael Moynihan (journalist)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gen_Paul=Gen Paul
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guido_of_Pisa=Guido of Pisa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Syd_Mead=Syd Mead
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Konstantinos_Kenteris=Konstantinos Kenteris
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacques_Pelletier_du_Mans=Jacques Pelletier du Mans
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joanne_Whalley=Joanne Whalley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Felice_Romani=Felice Romani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/E._H._Carr=E. H. Carr
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jonathan_Powell_(producer)=Jonathan Powell (producer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daniel_Defert=Daniel Defert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eric_Anderson_(educator)=Eric Anderson (educator)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lawrence_Ross=Lawrence Ross
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kim_Goodman=Kim Goodman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abraham_Bosse=Abraham Bosse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yuichiro_Miura=Yuichiro Miura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dennis_Murphy_(musician)=Dennis Murphy (musician)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chris_Kenner=Chris Kenner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Douglas,_Lord_of_Douglas=James Douglas, Lord of Douglas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anthony_St_Leger_(British_Army_officer)=Anthony St Leger (British Army officer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Juan_Alberto_Melgar_Castro=Juan Alberto Melgar Castro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aafia_Siddiqui=Aafia Siddiqui
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jaleel_White=Jaleel White
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Muse_Watson=Muse Watson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lynda_Carter=Lynda Carter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Augustus_Nicholas_Burke=Augustus Nicholas Burke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joe_Higgins=Joe Higgins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sir_Theobald_Burke,_13th_Baronet=Sir Theobald Burke, 13th Baronet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Henry_Burke_(civil_servant)=Thomas Henry Burke (civil servant)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Megan_Marshack=Megan Marshack
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vincenzo_Galilei=Vincenzo Galilei
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Girolamo_Mei=Girolamo Mei
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hugh_McCulloch=Hugh McCulloch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emilio_Palma=Emilio Palma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ahmed_Ghailani=Ahmed Ghailani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Balamurali_Ambati=Balamurali Ambati
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amer_el-Maati=Amer el-Maati
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adam_Yahiye_Gadahn=Adam Yahiye Gadahn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abderraouf_Jdey=Abderraouf Jdey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/T._V._Olsen=T. V. Olsen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scott_Reiniger=Scott Reiniger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Horatio_Bottomley=Horatio Bottomley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mia_Sara=Mia Sara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Hounam=Peter Hounam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Josiah_Harlan=Josiah Harlan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Metin_Kaplan=Metin Kaplan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_William_Thomson=Robert William Thomson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rob_Andrews=Rob Andrews
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nasser_Hussain=Nasser Hussain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karen_Jean_Meech=Karen Jean Meech
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Drake_Bell=Drake Bell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jake_Nava=Jake Nava
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alphonse_James_de_Rothschild=Alphonse James de Rothschild
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Tuchet,_5th_Baron_Audley=James Tuchet, 5th Baron Audley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bernd_and_Hilla_Becher=Bernd and Hilla Becher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Benning_(film_director)=James Benning (film director)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeffrey_Miller=Jeffrey Miller
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bob_Merrill=Bob Merrill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Terry_C._Johnston=Terry C. Johnston
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sidney_Hillman=Sidney Hillman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_D._Mitchell=William D. Mitchell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hanns_Martin_Schleyer=Hanns Martin Schleyer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ariel_Durant=Ariel Durant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_L._Smith=Paul L. Smith
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Kearney=Michael Kearney
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mike_O'Malley=Mike O'Malley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ronny_Cox=Ronny Cox
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bob_Rivers=Bob Rivers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caleb_Cushing=Caleb Cushing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laurence_Luckinbill=Laurence Luckinbill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Simon_Mayr=Simon Mayr
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Susan_Griffin=Susan Griffin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johannes_Tinctoris=Johannes Tinctoris
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richmond_Lattimore=Richmond Lattimore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Umberto_Agnelli=Umberto Agnelli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amelia_Edwards=Amelia Edwards
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lewis_Booth=Lewis Booth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/R._Brent_Tully=R. Brent Tully
http://dbpedia.org/resource/J._Richard_Fisher=J. Richard Fisher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jane_Pratt=Jane Pratt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Feng_Youlan=Feng Youlan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arthur_Waley=Arthur Waley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gregg_Toland=Gregg Toland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francesco_Crispi=Francesco Crispi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roland_Wank=Roland Wank
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dixie_Carter=Dixie Carter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raymond_Molinier=Raymond Molinier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don_Craig_Wiley=Don Craig Wiley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacques-Marie,_vicomte_Cavaignac=Jacques-Marie, vicomte Cavaignac
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_Huber=Alexander Huber
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liliane_Bettencourt=Liliane Bettencourt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nargis=Nargis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Mondavi=Robert Mondavi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Betty_Dodson=Betty Dodson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nathan_Clifford=Nathan Clifford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roland_Emmerich=Roland Emmerich
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frederick_Gustavus_Burnaby=Frederick Gustavus Burnaby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sun_Guangyuan=Sun Guangyuan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_Mitscherlich=Alexander Mitscherlich
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marina_Vlady=Marina Vlady
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Juliusz_Schauder=Juliusz Schauder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dave_Smalley=Dave Smalley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_Mitscherlich_(psychologist)=Alexander Mitscherlich (psychologist)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ray_Cappo=Ray Cappo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brian_McTernan=Brian McTernan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Catania=David Catania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Billy_Campbell=Billy Campbell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chris_Bratton_(drummer)=Chris Bratton (drummer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Stephen_Akhwari=John Stephen Akhwari
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Rudd=Paul Rudd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tara_Reid=Tara Reid
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barbet_Schroeder=Barbet Schroeder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Oliver_(actor)=Michael Oliver (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Germinal_Pierre_Dandelin=Germinal Pierre Dandelin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Littlewood_(chess_player)=John Littlewood (chess player)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zach_Galligan=Zach Galligan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Wesley_Turnbull=Charles Wesley Turnbull
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alice_Faye=Alice Faye
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jason_Bateman=Jason Bateman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Naughton=David Naughton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bernard_Lefkowitz=Bernard Lefkowitz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Justine_Bateman=Justine Bateman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Ostrum=Peter Ostrum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rebecca_Schaeffer=Rebecca Schaeffer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeffrey_Nape=Jeffrey Nape
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ken_Curtis=Ken Curtis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_W._Petrie=Henry W. Petrie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carolyn_Lawrence=Carolyn Lawrence
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bronwen_Wallace=Bronwen Wallace
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_FitzPatrick,_1st_Earl_of_Upper_Ossory=John FitzPatrick, 1st Earl of Upper Ossory
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miroslav_Volf=Miroslav Volf
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tryphiodorus=Tryphiodorus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Al_Lohman=Al Lohman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Paul_Wolff=Robert Paul Wolff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mary_Dyer=Mary Dyer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frederick_Zugibe=Frederick Zugibe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harry_Hamlin=Harry Hamlin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ving_Rhames=Ving Rhames
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karl_Zuchardt=Karl Zuchardt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alan_Hart_(television_executive)=Alan Hart (television executive)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bill_Cotton=Bill Cotton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bryan_Cowgill=Bryan Cowgill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Fox_(television_executive)=Paul Fox (television executive)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Peacock_(television_executive)=Michael Peacock (television executive)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Donald_Baverstock=Donald Baverstock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacob_Obrecht=Jacob Obrecht
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adie_Allen=Adie Allen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andy_Byatt=Andy Byatt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stacey_Dash=Stacey Dash
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ivyann_Schwan=Ivyann Schwan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Casey_Affleck=Casey Affleck
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ed_Pulaski=Ed Pulaski
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tracey_Gold=Tracey Gold
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aquilino_Pimentel,_Jr.=Aquilino Pimentel, Jr.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Zaloom=Paul Zaloom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cynthia_Voigt=Cynthia Voigt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marcel_Tabuteau=Marcel Tabuteau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Regal=William Regal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philippe_de_Vitry=Philippe de Vitry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vanessa_Marcil=Vanessa Marcil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Josh_Duhamel=Josh Duhamel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Moulson=Thomas Moulson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ann_(Radcliffe)_Mowlson=Ann (Radcliffe) Mowlson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sunthorn_Phu=Sunthorn Phu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Josef_von_Sternberg=Josef von Sternberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gloria_Grahame=Gloria Grahame
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A._J._Langer=A. J. Langer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samuel_Dash=Samuel Dash
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Virgil_Bogue=Virgil Bogue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lee_Arenberg=Lee Arenberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rose_Marie=Rose Marie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amy_Acker=Amy Acker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Hopps=John Hopps
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kamala_Markandaya=Kamala Markandaya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arnulf_III,_Count_of_Flanders=Arnulf III, Count of Flanders
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baldwin_II,_Count_of_Hainaut=Baldwin II, Count of Hainaut
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baldwin_III,_Count_of_Hainaut=Baldwin III, Count of Hainaut
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baldwin_V,_Count_of_Hainaut=Baldwin V, Count of Hainaut
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baldwin_IV,_Count_of_Hainaut=Baldwin IV, Count of Hainaut
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_I,_Count_of_Hainaut=John I, Count of Hainaut
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adelaide_of_Holland=Adelaide of Holland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_I,_Count_of_Hainaut=William I, Count of Hainaut
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_II,_Count_of_Holland=John II, Count of Holland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_II,_Count_of_Hainaut=William II, Count of Hainaut
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stephen_Dorff=Stephen Dorff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sir_Harbottle_Grimston,_2nd_Baronet=Sir Harbottle Grimston, 2nd Baronet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Weidman=John Weidman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Lapine=James Lapine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Furth=George Furth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Burt_Shevelove=Burt Shevelove
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greg_Evigan=Greg Evigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Patrick_(dramatist)=John Patrick (dramatist)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mayo_Methot=Mayo Methot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steve_Gorn=Steve Gorn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giacomo_Leoni=Giacomo Leoni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gladys_Cardiff=Gladys Cardiff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isabel_Jewell=Isabel Jewell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uranius=Uranius
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Leslie_(nonjuror)=Charles Leslie (nonjuror)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rafael_Alberti=Rafael Alberti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Pierrepont,_1st_Earl_of_Kingston-upon-Hull=Robert Pierrepont, 1st Earl of Kingston-upon-Hull
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Colepeper,_1st_Baron_Colepeper=John Colepeper, 1st Baron Colepeper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Cassidy_(magician)=John Cassidy (magician)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/J._L._Carr=J. L. Carr
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Pierrepont,_1st_Marquess_of_Dorchester=Henry Pierrepont, 1st Marquess of Dorchester
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gene_Wood=Gene Wood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ali_Larter=Ali Larter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marian_Chace=Marian Chace
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bradley_Whitford=Bradley Whitford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Steinbrueck=Peter Steinbrueck
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jill_Hennessy=Jill Hennessy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carolus_Clusius=Carolus Clusius
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Dunning,_1st_Baron_Ashburton=John Dunning, 1st Baron Ashburton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pietro_Acciarito=Pietro Acciarito
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lord_John_Cavendish=Lord John Cavendish
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexei_Shulgin=Alexei Shulgin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A._C._Townley=A. C. Townley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack_Rowell=Jack Rowell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hans_Morgenthau=Hans Morgenthau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Geoffrey_Durham=Geoffrey Durham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saint_Marcouf=Saint Marcouf
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gregori_Maximoff=Gregori Maximoff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Geoff_Cooke_(rugby_union)=Geoff Cooke (rugby union)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vernon_Richards=Vernon Richards
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_de_Berkeley,_1st_Marquess_of_Berkeley=William de Berkeley, 1st Marquess of Berkeley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Elkann=John Elkann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Gibson=Thomas Gibson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diane_Kruger=Diane Kruger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Koehnline=James Koehnline
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gill_Pyrah=Gill Pyrah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charley_Fox=Charley Fox
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Catherine_Gore=Catherine Gore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Larry_W._Esposito=Larry W. Esposito
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dillie_Keane=Dillie Keane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charlie_Ruggles=Charlie Ruggles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Russell_Davies=Russell Davies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Robinson_(Municipal_Reform_politician)=Richard Robinson (Municipal Reform politician)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Douglass_White=Edward Douglass White
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harry_Kellar=Harry Kellar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ali_Bongo=Ali Bongo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Augustus_Noble_Hand=Augustus Noble Hand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Larenz_Tate=Larenz Tate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lance_Burton=Lance Burton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Courtney_B._Vance=Courtney B. Vance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ernest_Reyer=Ernest Reyer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kristy_Swanson=Kristy Swanson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fanne_Foxe=Fanne Foxe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francisco_Delicado=Francisco Delicado
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nancy_Travis=Nancy Travis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Palliser=Charles Palliser
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laura_Leighton=Laura Leighton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Craig_T._Nelson=Craig T. Nelson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_E._Pegram=Michael E. Pegram
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arturo_Alfonso_Schomburg=Arturo Alfonso Schomburg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cearl_of_Mercia=Cearl of Mercia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sonja_Smits=Sonja Smits
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ceolwulf_I_of_Mercia=Ceolwulf I of Mercia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ludeca_of_Mercia=Ludeca of Mercia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ceolwulf_II_of_Mercia=Ceolwulf II of Mercia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beorhtwulf_of_Mercia=Beorhtwulf of Mercia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Sauber=Peter Sauber
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Annabella_Sciorra=Annabella Sciorra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Max_Berg=Max Berg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dana_Snyder=Dana Snyder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dave_Willis=Dave Willis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sir_William_Congreve,_2nd_Baronet=Sir William Congreve, 2nd Baronet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maurice_Hinchey=Maurice Hinchey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Farman_Salmanov=Farman Salmanov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_C._Jewitt=David C. Jewitt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antonio_Caldara=Antonio Caldara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Gustave_Speth=James Gustave Speth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gerald_Cock=Gerald Cock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abhimanyu=Abhimanyu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sue_Wicks=Sue Wicks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maurice_Gorham=Maurice Gorham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Attwood=Thomas Attwood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Agnon=Agnon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Hogan=Paul Hogan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bongi_Makeba=Bongi Makeba
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manning_Clark=Manning Clark
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jayakanthan=Jayakanthan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moira_Quirk=Moira Quirk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antony_Booth=Antony Booth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patrick_Tonyn=Patrick Tonyn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Bowes-Lyon,_18th_Earl_of_Strathmore_and_Kinghorne=Michael Bowes-Lyon, 18th Earl of Strathmore and Kinghorne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_Horn=Tom Horn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_C._Lynch=Thomas C. Lynch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glenn_Davis_(athlete)=Glenn Davis (athlete)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friedrich_St._Florian=Friedrich St. Florian
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Meredith-Hardy=Richard Meredith-Hardy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Barnes_(BBC_controller)=George Barnes (BBC controller)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norman_Collins=Norman Collins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Corbin_Bernsen=Corbin Bernsen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cecil_McGivern=Cecil McGivern
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dick_Assman=Dick Assman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_Laemmle,_Jr.=Carl Laemmle, Jr.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ceephax_Acid_Crew=Ceephax Acid Crew
http://dbpedia.org/resource/E._Paul_du_Pont=E. Paul du Pont
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Josephine_Hopper=Josephine Hopper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sanford_Wallace=Sanford Wallace
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dafydd_Elis-Thomas=Dafydd Elis-Thomas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abraham_Osheroff=Abraham Osheroff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chris_Smith_(New_Jersey_politician)=Chris Smith (New Jersey politician)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scott_Garrett=Scott Garrett
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_White_(journalist)=Michael White (journalist)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tricia_Cast=Tricia Cast
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Larry_Ridley=Larry Ridley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Epaphroditus_Champion=Epaphroditus Champion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tyrin_Turner=Tyrin Turner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giovanni_Artusi=Giovanni Artusi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aden_Meinel=Aden Meinel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samm_Bennett=Samm Bennett
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francis_Egerton,_7th_Duke_of_Sutherland=Francis Egerton, 7th Duke of Sutherland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Torquhil_Campbell,_13th_Duke_of_Argyll=Torquhil Campbell, 13th Duke of Argyll
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abu_Anas_al-Libi=Abu Anas al-Libi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Annie_Raines=Annie Raines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Watkin=Henry Watkin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peg_Entwistle=Peg Entwistle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nat_Pendleton=Nat Pendleton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Frith=David Frith
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ross_Brawn=Ross Brawn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Shanklin=Paul Shanklin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sam_Michael=Sam Michael
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nelson_Eddy=Nelson Eddy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rafael_Cordero_(educator)=Rafael Cordero (educator)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glenn_Strange=Glenn Strange
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Burton_Malkiel=Burton Malkiel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ransom_B._Shelden,_Sr.=Ransom B. Shelden, Sr.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abdullah_Ahmed_Abdullah=Abdullah Ahmed Abdullah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Moor=Henry Moor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Raft=George Raft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Brent=George Brent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yvonne_De_Carlo=Yvonne De Carlo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack_Cassidy=Jack Cassidy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karen_Morley=Karen Morley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ted_Knight=Ted Knight
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eric_McCormack=Eric McCormack
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sean_Hayes_(actor)=Sean Hayes (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Megan_Mullally=Megan Mullally
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shelley_Morrison=Shelley Morrison
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Miner_Gallaudet=Edward Miner Gallaudet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Pett=Peter Pett
http://dbpedia.org/resource/E._T._Cook=E. T. Cook
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Franz_Bardon=Franz Bardon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Adams_(Traidcraft)=Richard Adams (Traidcraft)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Larry_Ritchie=Larry Ritchie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ronald_Hutton=Ronald Hutton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kenneth_Brown_(author)=Kenneth Brown (author)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joshua_Jebb=Joshua Jebb
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jenny_Gear=Jenny Gear
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sheldon_Vanauken=Sheldon Vanauken
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Marcus=David Marcus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rudolf_Roessler=Rudolf Roessler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Campagna=Richard Campagna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_Foote=Alexander Foote
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alberta_Martin=Alberta Martin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reyn_Guyer=Reyn Guyer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bram_Fischer=Bram Fischer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vladimir_Keilis-Borok=Vladimir Keilis-Borok
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Beatty_(Continental_Congress)=John Beatty (Continental Congress)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bede_Griffiths=Bede Griffiths
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Beresford=Richard Beresford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_MacDowell=Edward MacDowell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Bee=Thomas Bee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Loie_Fuller=Loie Fuller
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ted_Shawn=Ted Shawn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jason_Harris_Katz=Jason Harris Katz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ming-Na_Wen=Ming-Na Wen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joachim_Ferrera=Joachim Ferrera
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theodorick_Bland_(congressman)=Theodorick Bland (congressman)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Niall_Ferguson=Niall Ferguson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Gordon-Lennox,_7th_Duke_of_Richmond=Charles Gordon-Lennox, 7th Duke of Richmond
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stephen_Wiltshire=Stephen Wiltshire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walter_Leaf=Walter Leaf
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steerpike=Steerpike
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Holiday=Henry Holiday
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louise_Sorel=Louise Sorel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Schofield=John Schofield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marcus_Furius_Bibaculus=Marcus Furius Bibaculus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steve_Wynn_(songwriter)=Steve Wynn (songwriter)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giovanni_Ciccotti=Giovanni Ciccotti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anthony_Spilotro=Anthony Spilotro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eddie_Jordan=Eddie Jordan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kathleen_Scott=Kathleen Scott
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dorothy_Malone=Dorothy Malone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johnny_Donovan=Johnny Donovan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Bissell_(industrialist)=George Bissell (industrialist)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Cadogan,_1st_Earl_Cadogan=William Cadogan, 1st Earl Cadogan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Domenico_da_Piacenza=Domenico da Piacenza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francesco_Guicciardini=Francesco Guicciardini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pieter-Dirk_Uys=Pieter-Dirk Uys
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ann_Dvorak=Ann Dvorak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stephanie_Herseth_Sandlin=Stephanie Herseth Sandlin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kerry_Stokes=Kerry Stokes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nick_Zedd=Nick Zedd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Virgil_Exner=Virgil Exner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alan_Bond_(businessman)=Alan Bond (businessman)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Roth=Joseph Roth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christopher_Darden=Christopher Darden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carmen_Argenziano=Carmen Argenziano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Eliot=Richard Eliot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Volker_Grassmuck=Volker Grassmuck
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quentin_Bryce=Quentin Bryce
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_H._Stracey=John H. Stracey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steve_Wynn=Steve Wynn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Brown_(Rhode_Island)=John Brown (Rhode Island)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glenda_Farrell=Glenda Farrell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mike_Wolfe_(politician)=Mike Wolfe (politician)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tommy_Flowers=Tommy Flowers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edmond_Pidoux=Edmond Pidoux
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tommy_Turrentine=Tommy Turrentine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leonard_Jerome=Leonard Jerome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nancy_Hollister=Nancy Hollister
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Brown_(North_Carolina)=John Brown (North Carolina)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Franco_Mimmi=Franco Mimmi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dick_Celeste=Dick Celeste
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bill_Keller=Bill Keller
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jan_Harold_Brunvand=Jan Harold Brunvand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_McDowell,_Jr.=Joseph McDowell, Jr.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_%22Pleasant_Gardens%22_McDowell=Joseph "Pleasant Gardens" McDowell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sophia_Forero=Sophia Forero
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Josie_Carey=Josie Carey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carly_Janiga=Carly Janiga
http://dbpedia.org/resource/C._William_O'Neill=C. William O'Neill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ernest_Holmes=Ernest Holmes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_J._Herbert=Thomas J. Herbert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Auoindaon=Auoindaon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Ramsay_(Upper_Canada)=David Ramsay (Upper Canada)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Molesworth,_1st_Viscount_Molesworth=Robert Molesworth, 1st Viscount Molesworth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spencer_Compton,_2nd_Earl_of_Northampton=Spencer Compton, 2nd Earl of Northampton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bennie_Thompson=Bennie Thompson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alex_Tabarrok=Alex Tabarrok
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Harbison=John Harbison
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gene_Taylor_(Mississippi_politician)=Gene Taylor (Mississippi politician)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barron_Hilton=Barron Hilton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Hilton=Richard Hilton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Wu=David Wu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Loren_Dean=Loren Dean
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eric_Stoltz=Eric Stoltz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Myers_Y._Cooper=Myers Y. Cooper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harry_L._Davis=Harry L. Davis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_DeFazio=Peter DeFazio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greg_Walden=Greg Walden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zohar_Manna=Zohar Manna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Judson_Harmon=Judson Harmon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stanley_Cohen_(sociologist)=Stanley Cohen (sociologist)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_M._Pattison=John M. Pattison
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chad_Varah=Chad Varah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Myron_T._Herrick=Myron T. Herrick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_K._Nash=George K. Nash
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Asa_S._Bushnell_(Governor)=Asa S. Bushnell (Governor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_E._Campbell=James E. Campbell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Hoadly=George Hoadly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benjamin_Cleveland=Benjamin Cleveland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Julia_Hartley-Brewer=Julia Hartley-Brewer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edwards_Pierrepont=Edwards Pierrepont
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hugh_Fearnley-Whittingstall=Hugh Fearnley-Whittingstall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shayna_Fox=Shayna Fox
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frederick_Wills_(Guyana)=Frederick Wills (Guyana)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Olav_Bjaaland=Olav Bjaaland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cabot_Rea=Cabot Rea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_L._Young=Thomas L. Young
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Terry_O'Quinn=Terry O'Quinn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hari_Kostov=Hari Kostov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Conte=Richard Conte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Follansbee_Noyes=Edward Follansbee Noyes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jason_James_Richter=Jason James Richter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Hodiak=John Hodiak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Anderson_(governor)=Charles Anderson (governor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barret_Oliver=Barret Oliver
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luca_Cordero_di_Montezemolo=Luca Cordero di Montezemolo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tatsumi_Hijikata=Tatsumi Hijikata
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ashlee_Simpson=Ashlee Simpson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Campbell_Merriam=John Campbell Merriam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tim_Hagans=Tim Hagans
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Jungk=Robert Jungk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Takeshi_Araki=Takeshi Araki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amin_al-Majaj=Amin al-Majaj
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kane_Hodder=Kane Hodder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meir_Nitzan=Meir Nitzan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abdelkarim_Hussein_Mohamed_Al-Nasser=Abdelkarim Hussein Mohamed Al-Nasser
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christopher_Lee_(historian)=Christopher Lee (historian)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Binyamin_Ze'ev_Kahane=Binyamin Ze'ev Kahane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baruch_Marzel=Baruch Marzel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_W._Merrill=Paul W. Merrill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rob_Younger=Rob Younger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arnulf_Rainer=Arnulf Rainer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rajiv_Pratap_Rudy=Rajiv Pratap Rudy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mark_Granovetter=Mark Granovetter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carlos_Orta=Carlos Orta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karl_Kruszelnicki=Karl Kruszelnicki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfred_Tysoe=Alfred Tysoe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rebecca_Loos=Rebecca Loos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Osvaldo_Aranha=Osvaldo Aranha
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Brown_(Kentucky)=John Brown (Kentucky)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thorvald_N._Thiele=Thorvald N. Thiele
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Darhyl_S._Ramsey=Darhyl S. Ramsey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Brown_(Maryland)=John Brown (Maryland)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Troost=Paul Troost
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfredo_Kraus=Alfredo Kraus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Troyer=John Troyer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_Obolensky=Alexander Obolensky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ambrose_Small=Ambrose Small
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Jenkins_Sr.=Charles Jenkins Sr.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yaroslav_of_Tver=Yaroslav of Tver
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reinhard_Hauff=Reinhard Hauff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gordon_Bell_(cartoonist)=Gordon Bell (cartoonist)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Myatt=David Myatt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jiang_Yanyong=Jiang Yanyong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hiram_Walker=Hiram Walker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beverly_D'Angelo=Beverly D'Angelo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Siobhan_Creaton=Siobhan Creaton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Judith_Krantz=Judith Krantz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kitty_Carlisle=Kitty Carlisle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thanos=Thanos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_V._Scotti=James V. Scotti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ramesses_IX=Ramesses IX
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gatjil_Djerrkura=Gatjil Djerrkura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seabury_Ford=Seabury Ford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zhang_Guotao=Zhang Guotao
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Bebb=William Bebb
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emily_Murphy=Emily Murphy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Larry_Willis=Larry Willis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mordecai_Bartley=Mordecai Bartley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pablo_Falconer=Pablo Falconer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_W._Bartley=Thomas W. Bartley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Winston_Ntshona=Winston Ntshona
http://dbpedia.org/resource/R._Stanton_Hales=R. Stanton Hales
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Schoeffling=Michael Schoeffling
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Josh_Peck=Josh Peck
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Gorrie=John Gorrie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Duncan_McArthur=Duncan McArthur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis_Horst=Louis Horst
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rajendra_Prasad=Rajendra Prasad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacques_Joseph=Jacques Joseph
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeremiah_Morrow=Jeremiah Morrow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ethan_Allen_Brown=Ethan Allen Brown
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nathan_Brownson=Nathan Brownson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Washakie=Washakie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anna_Sokolow=Anna Sokolow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Return_J._Meigs,_Jr.=Return J. Meigs, Jr.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Seymour_(photographer)=David Seymour (photographer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shrikant_Jichkar=Shrikant Jichkar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Max_Pomeranc=Max Pomeranc
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_Allen_(drummer)=Carl Allen (drummer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phineas_Pett=Phineas Pett
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Philipp_Stadion,_Count_von_Warthausen=Johann Philipp Stadion, Count von Warthausen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reinhard_Bendix=Reinhard Bendix
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deborah_Foreman=Deborah Foreman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Haden_Church=Thomas Haden Church
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heather_Matarazzo=Heather Matarazzo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_G._Wilmers=Robert G. Wilmers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roger_L._Simon=Roger L. Simon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mary_Arden_(judge)=Mary Arden (judge)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bernard_Morin=Bernard Morin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mal_Sharpe=Mal Sharpe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Otis_Davis=Otis Davis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edmund_Grey,_1st_Earl_of_Kent=Edmund Grey, 1st Earl of Kent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Larry_K._Monteith=Larry K. Monteith
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Andrews_(shipbuilder)=Thomas Andrews (shipbuilder)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Mattick=Paul Mattick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vassilis_Vassilikos=Vassilis Vassilikos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Otto_Waalkes=Otto Waalkes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Otto_Joachim_(composer)=Otto Joachim (composer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dick_Greenwood=Dick Greenwood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alonzo_Babers=Alonzo Babers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Delfino_Codazzi=Delfino Codazzi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beatrice_of_Burgundy,_Lady_of_Bourbon=Beatrice of Burgundy, Lady of Bourbon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ulrich_Karger=Ulrich Karger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis_II,_Duke_of_Bourbon=Louis II, Duke of Bourbon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_I,_Duke_of_Bourbon=John I, Duke of Bourbon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_I,_Duke_of_Bourbon=Charles I, Duke of Bourbon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_II,_Duke_of_Bourbon=John II, Duke of Bourbon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_II,_Duke_of_Bourbon=Charles II, Duke of Bourbon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gilbert,_Count_of_Montpensier=Gilbert, Count of Montpensier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis_I,_Count_of_Montpensier=Louis I, Count of Montpensier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_III,_Duke_of_Bourbon=Charles III, Duke of Bourbon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Holborn=Robert Holborn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Badham=John Badham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Winston=Joseph Winston
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bill_Gradison=Bill Gradison
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_E._McLaughlin=John E. McLaughlin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Erica_Leerhsen=Erica Leerhsen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lars_Engqvist=Lars Engqvist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_James_Ingalls=John James Ingalls
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Williams_(Caswell_County,_North_Carolina)=John Williams (Caswell County, North Carolina)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harold_Alfond=Harold Alfond
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Williams_(Salem,_New_York)=John Williams (Salem, New York)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brian_Linehan=Brian Linehan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Donna_Rice_Hughes=Donna Rice Hughes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Armstrongism=Armstrongism
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Morris_Cohen_(adventurer)=Morris Cohen (adventurer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Grow=Henry Grow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Veronica_Guerin=Veronica Guerin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nancy_Sullivan_(American_actress)=Nancy Sullivan (American actress)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gregor_MacGregor=Gregor MacGregor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Williams_(Tennessee)=John Williams (Tennessee)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yvette_Fielding=Yvette Fielding
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mary_Stuart_Masterson=Mary Stuart Masterson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Helen_Wagner=Helen Wagner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Williams_(Rochester,_New_York)=John Williams (Rochester, New York)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charita_Bauer=Charita Bauer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Desmond_McGrath=Desmond McGrath
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kristian_Alfonso=Kristian Alfonso
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Burt=Thomas Burt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Clarke_(actor)=John Clarke (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Hayter=David Hayter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ephraim_McDowell=Ephraim McDowell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Susan_Seaforth_Hayes=Susan Seaforth Hayes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frances_Reid=Frances Reid
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Burnet_(painter)=John Burnet (painter)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amanda_Barrie=Amanda Barrie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Horowitz_(consumer_advocate)=David Horowitz (consumer advocate)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Faulds=Henry Faulds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Maturin=Charles Maturin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Dyson=Charles Dyson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Grimault=Paul Grimault
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Williams_(Pitt_County,_North_Carolina)=John Williams (Pitt County, North Carolina)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maria_Sanford=Maria Sanford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Lamb_Picknell=William Lamb Picknell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christopher_Love=Christopher Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Pavitt=James Pavitt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francis_Capra=Francis Capra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Thornton_(reformer)=Henry Thornton (reformer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Max_Liebermann=Max Liebermann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Natasha_Henstridge=Natasha Henstridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lovis_Corinth=Lovis Corinth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zachary_Macaulay=Zachary Macaulay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Crosbie=Robert Crosbie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sir_Alexander_Holburn,_3rd_Baronet=Sir Alexander Holburn, 3rd Baronet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Victoria_Wyndham=Victoria Wyndham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elizabeth_Clare_Prophet=Elizabeth Clare Prophet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Hedison=David Hedison
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Keating_(actor)=Charles Keating (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clive_Bull=Clive Bull
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Reinholt=George Reinholt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Douglass_Watson=Douglass Watson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Holburne=William Holburne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Shand_Kydd=Peter Shand Kydd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Donald_Maclean_(spy)=Donald Maclean (spy)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barry_McCaffrey=Barry McCaffrey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mary_Beth_Evans=Mary Beth Evans
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Reckell=Peter Reckell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lisa_Rinna=Lisa Rinna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sabryn_Genet=Sabryn Genet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Gallison=Joseph Gallison
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alison_Sweeney=Alison Sweeney
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chris_Moore_(film_producer)=Chris Moore (film producer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Neil_Patrick_Harris=Neil Patrick Harris
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Debbi_Morgan=Debbi Morgan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marcy_Walker=Marcy Walker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Linda_Dano=Linda Dano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Kelker-Kelly=Robert Kelker-Kelly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vesta_Victoria=Vesta Victoria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thaao_Penghlis=Thaao Penghlis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lorenzo_Lamas=Lorenzo Lamas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amy_Brenneman=Amy Brenneman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dennis_Franz=Dennis Franz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_Picard=Jean Picard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cedric_Belfrage=Cedric Belfrage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/J._Pat_O'Malley=J. Pat O'Malley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edwin_Newman=Edwin Newman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Segundo_Ruiz_Belvis=Segundo Ruiz Belvis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martin_Brest=Martin Brest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Z._George=James Z. George
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Monroe=Robert Monroe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Holborne_of_Menstrie=James Holborne of Menstrie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marisa_Pavan=Marisa Pavan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Yonge=John Yonge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harald_Kreutzberg=Harald Kreutzberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Romilly,_1st_Baron_Romilly=John Romilly, 1st Baron Romilly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samuel_Romilly=Samuel Romilly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dorothy_Fay=Dorothy Fay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martin_Madan=Martin Madan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pier_Angeli=Pier Angeli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Viktor_Markin=Viktor Markin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Sutton,_4th_Baron_Dudley=Edward Sutton, 4th Baron Dudley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bob_Carolgees=Bob Carolgees
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nathaniel_Lindley,_Baron_Lindley=Nathaniel Lindley, Baron Lindley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pearl_Primus=Pearl Primus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edmund_Sutton=Edmund Sutton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Helen_Tamiris=Helen Tamiris
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Williams_(archbishop_of_York)=John Williams (archbishop of York)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Darnell_Williams=Darnell Williams
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_Eplin=Tom Eplin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robin_Christopher=Robin Christopher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Erik_Carlsson=Erik Carlsson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Embeth_Davidtz=Embeth Davidtz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Canary=David Canary
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tracey_Ross=Tracey Ross
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kirsten_Storms=Kirsten Storms
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierre_Puiseux=Pierre Puiseux
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_M._Lawson=Edward M. Lawson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Willie_Adams=Willie Adams
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ilene_Kristen=Ilene Kristen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chris_Weitz=Chris Weitz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carmen_Duncan=Carmen Duncan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacob_Young=Jacob Young
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alan_Gelfand=Alan Gelfand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anna_Stuart=Anna Stuart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marie_Adelaide_Belloc_Lowndes=Marie Adelaide Belloc Lowndes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lester_Horton=Lester Horton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hanya_Holm=Hanya Holm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gun_Carlson=Gun Carlson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roger_Jansson=Roger Jansson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Rossen=Robert Rossen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Natas_Kaupas=Natas Kaupas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Judi_Evans=Judi Evans
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Tabuns=Peter Tabuns
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Armand_de_Mestral=Armand de Mestral
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georgy_Gapon=Georgy Gapon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilbur_Scoville=Wilbur Scoville
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Montgomery_(actor)=Robert Montgomery (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Montgomery_(poet)=Robert Montgomery (poet)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Turner_(iron-founder)=Richard Turner (iron-founder)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Camilla_Ottesen=Camilla Ottesen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Betty_Davis=Betty Davis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leslie_Mann=Leslie Mann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paris_Themmen=Paris Themmen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antoaneta_Stefanova=Antoaneta Stefanova
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crystal_Chappell=Crystal Chappell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jerry_Neil_Schneider=Jerry Neil Schneider
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mabel_Lee=Mabel Lee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lisa_Peluso=Lisa Peluso
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barbara_Berjer=Barbara Berjer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alice_Barrett=Alice Barrett
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Michael_Valley=Paul Michael Valley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eileen_Davidson=Eileen Davidson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mykola_Lysenko=Mykola Lysenko
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christine_Tucci=Christine Tucci
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mark_Pinter=Mark Pinter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abraham_Langlet=Abraham Langlet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karen_Malina_White=Karen Malina White
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Constance_Ford=Constance Ford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jensen_Buchanan=Jensen Buchanan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sandra_Dee_Robinson=Sandra Dee Robinson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matt_Crane=Matt Crane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ignacy_Hryniewiecki=Ignacy Hryniewiecki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Forsyth_(actor)=David Forsyth (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stephen_Schnetzer=Stephen Schnetzer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anna_Holbrook=Anna Holbrook
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kale_Browne=Kale Browne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laurence_Lau=Laurence Lau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Catherwood=David Catherwood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dave_Treen=Dave Treen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Abbott_(game_designer)=Robert Abbott (game designer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Konrad_Henlein=Konrad Henlein
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Constantia_Jones=Constantia Jones
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francis_Preston_Blair=Francis Preston Blair
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ahmed_Vefik_Pasha=Ahmed Vefik Pasha
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Filmer=Robert Filmer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prokop_the_Great=Prokop the Great
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arnaldo_Ochoa=Arnaldo Ochoa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roy_Blunt=Roy Blunt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Nicholls_(writer)=Peter Nicholls (writer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Foxworth=Robert Foxworth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colleen_Zenk=Colleen Zenk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Glen_(director)=John Glen (director)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charlie_Van_Dyke=Charlie Van Dyke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tommy_Davidson=Tommy Davidson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rory_Cochrane=Rory Cochrane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mike_Hall_(sportscaster)=Mike Hall (sportscaster)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cherry_Hood=Cherry Hood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ralph_Herseth=Ralph Herseth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christian_Gottfried_Daniel_Nees_von_Esenbeck=Christian Gottfried Daniel Nees von Esenbeck
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Julie_Caitlin_Brown=Julie Caitlin Brown
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boris_Polevoy=Boris Polevoy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_E._Knight=Michael E. Knight
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robin_Mattson=Robin Mattson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Kovacevich=Richard Kovacevich
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marvin_Heemeyer=Marvin Heemeyer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Billy_Milligan=Billy Milligan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Randall_Davidson=Randall Davidson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacques_d'Amboise_(dancer)=Jacques d'Amboise (dancer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rand_Miller=Rand Miller
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Renny_Harlin=Renny Harlin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Virginia_Louise_Trimble=Virginia Louise Trimble
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Mitchell_(shipbuilder)=Charles Mitchell (shipbuilder)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joe_Forehand=Joe Forehand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harald_Rosenthal=Harald Rosenthal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jan_Myrdal=Jan Myrdal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Fleming_(judge)=Thomas Fleming (judge)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mark_Mathabane=Mark Mathabane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jason_Statham=Jason Statham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dudley_Ryder,_2nd_Earl_of_Harrowby=Dudley Ryder, 2nd Earl of Harrowby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barbara_Eden=Barbara Eden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lennie_James=Lennie James
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robbie_Gee=Robbie Gee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dhirubhai_Ambani=Dhirubhai Ambani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kobayakawa_Hideaki=Kobayakawa Hideaki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tony_Adams_(actor)=Tony Adams (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hudson_Leick=Hudson Leick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bob_Brier=Bob Brier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mimi_Parent=Mimi Parent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nectarius_of_Jerusalem=Nectarius of Jerusalem
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marc-Antoine_Parseval=Marc-Antoine Parseval
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Erki_Nool=Erki Nool
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joe_Hueglin=Joe Hueglin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Menahem_Pressler=Menahem Pressler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maurice_Thorez=Maurice Thorez
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Basil_Hennessy=Basil Hennessy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marcin_Libicki=Marcin Libicki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Braden=John Braden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amjad_Farooqi=Amjad Farooqi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keith_Windschuttle=Keith Windschuttle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dom_Moraes=Dom Moraes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chip_Tsao=Chip Tsao
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barbara_Roberts=Barbara Roberts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daya_Nayak=Daya Nayak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jake_McGoldrick=Jake McGoldrick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Washington_Wilson=George Washington Wilson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samuel_J._Palmisano=Samuel J. Palmisano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barbara_Simpson=Barbara Simpson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bryan_Murray_(ice_hockey)=Bryan Murray (ice hockey)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Masters=William Masters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kristin_Halvorsen=Kristin Halvorsen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jason_Lee_(actor)=Jason Lee (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_Doy=Carl Doy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amanda_Peterson=Amanda Peterson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Conn_Smythe=Conn Smythe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hugo_Enomiya-Lassalle=Hugo Enomiya-Lassalle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Williams_(Delaware_representative)=James Williams (Delaware representative)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yechiel_Michel_Epstein=Yechiel Michel Epstein
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frederick_H._Billings=Frederick H. Billings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spike_Breakwell=Spike Breakwell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baruch_Epstein=Baruch Epstein
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mike_Sullivan_(governor)=Mike Sullivan (governor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martin_Balsam=Martin Balsam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/R._U._Sirius=R. U. Sirius
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ted_Celeste=Ted Celeste
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joel_Hyatt=Joel Hyatt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Claxton=Thomas Claxton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_B._Saxbe=William B. Saxbe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karl_Hass=Karl Hass
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ernest_F._Pletschke=Ernest F. Pletschke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stephen_Goosson=Stephen Goosson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rob_Burch_(politician)=Rob Burch (politician)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eric_Fingerhut=Eric Fingerhut
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mary_O._Boyle=Mary O. Boyle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Pfeifer=Paul Pfeifer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rhine_McLin=Rhine McLin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_H._Walsh=George H. Walsh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Summer_Altice=Summer Altice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joe_Chiccarelli=Joe Chiccarelli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jennifer_Hale=Jennifer Hale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Washington_Cass=George Washington Cass
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Claudia_Winkleman=Claudia Winkleman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joe_Ryan_(interrogator)=Joe Ryan (interrogator)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_H._Dickey=George H. Dickey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hilary_Rose_(field_hockey)=Hilary Rose (field hockey)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adrien_Zeller=Adrien Zeller
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steven_Stefanowicz=Steven Stefanowicz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Porfirio_Rubirosa=Porfirio Rubirosa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dagmar_Braun_Celeste=Dagmar Braun Celeste
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ted_W._Brown=Ted W. Brown
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Szalapski=James Szalapski
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ronald_L._Iman=Ronald L. Iman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ridley_Pearson=Ridley Pearson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hermann_Rauschning=Hermann Rauschning
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yuri_Razuvaev=Yuri Razuvaev
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angela_Burdett-Coutts,_1st_Baroness_Burdett-Coutts=Angela Burdett-Coutts, 1st Baroness Burdett-Coutts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lewis_Henry_Lapham=Lewis Henry Lapham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isaac_Toucey=Isaac Toucey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frederick_Corfield=Frederick Corfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_French_Smith=William French Smith
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hans_Hendrik_van_Paesschen=Hans Hendrik van Paesschen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_J._Bodycombe=David J. Bodycombe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martin_Milner=Martin Milner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Sweeney_(actor)=Joseph Sweeney (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Celeste_Holm=Celeste Holm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theodate_Pope_Riddle=Theodate Pope Riddle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lawrence_Dale_Bell=Lawrence Dale Bell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frank_Celebrezze=Frank Celebrezze
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Shoberg=Richard Shoberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Celebrezze=James Celebrezze
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Princess_Thyra_of_Denmark=Princess Thyra of Denmark
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samuel_Dexter=Samuel Dexter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heather_Tom=Heather Tom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tadd_Roosevelt=Tadd Roosevelt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Stanley,_17th_Earl_of_Derby=Edward Stanley, 17th Earl of Derby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anne_Cools=Anne Cools
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean-Serge_Brisson=Jean-Serge Brisson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lister_Sinclair=Lister Sinclair
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_McCrane=Paul McCrane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_A._Burke=Thomas A. Burke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Naomi_(biblical_figure)=Naomi (biblical figure)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Love=Robert Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_Barkan=Alexander Barkan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theodor_Leschetizky=Theodor Leschetizky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dwayne_Andreas=Dwayne Andreas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mohammad_Khiabani=Mohammad Khiabani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicholas_Bullingham=Nicholas Bullingham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Takao_Suzuki_(sociolinguist)=Takao Suzuki (sociolinguist)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrea_Levy=Andrea Levy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patrick_Dempsey=Patrick Dempsey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joe_Kieyoomia=Joe Kieyoomia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierre_Omidyar=Pierre Omidyar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Leonard_(politician)=Paul Leonard (politician)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frank_D._Celebrezze_Jr.=Frank D. Celebrezze Jr.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Julie_Vinter_Hansen=Julie Vinter Hansen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Andre=Peter Andre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Necdet_Mahfi_Ayral=Necdet Mahfi Ayral
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Takeo_Doi=Takeo Doi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gustav_Hasford=Gustav Hasford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Susana_Rinaldi=Susana Rinaldi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joe_Brown_(climber)=Joe Brown (climber)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nikita_Mikhalkov=Nikita Mikhalkov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pyotr_Kozmitch_Frolov=Pyotr Kozmitch Frolov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Satoru_Iwata=Satoru Iwata
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elizabeth_Somerset,_Duchess_of_Beaufort=Elizabeth Somerset, Duchess of Beaufort
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Donald_P._Hodel=Donald P. Hodel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/J._T._Walsh=J. T. Walsh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pietro_Carrera=Pietro Carrera
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ovid_Jackson=Ovid Jackson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philip_Purser-Hallard=Philip Purser-Hallard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spyridon_Louis=Spyridon Louis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack_Leigh=Jack Leigh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manfred_Bietak=Manfred Bietak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shemar_Moore=Shemar Moore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jewel_Staite=Jewel Staite
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_J._Bulkley=Robert J. Bulkley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roscoe_C._McCulloch=Roscoe C. McCulloch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cyrus_Locher=Cyrus Locher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frank_Bunker_Gilbreth,_Sr.=Frank Bunker Gilbreth, Sr.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Harbin=Robert Harbin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ern_Condon=Ern Condon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_B._Payne=Henry B. Payne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Malcolm_Azania=Malcolm Azania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cady_McClain=Cady McClain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Javiera_Parra=Javiera Parra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roger_Howarth=Roger Howarth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_Thom=Alexander Thom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Finola_Hughes=Finola Hughes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lou_Whitaker=Lou Whitaker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alex_Kingston=Alex Kingston
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Willem_Willink=Willem Willink
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Evgeny_Lifshitz=Evgeny Lifshitz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fernando_Ferrer=Fernando Ferrer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theophilus_Cazenove=Theophilus Cazenove
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paolo_Busti=Paolo Busti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ward_Connerly=Ward Connerly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_Macomb_(merchant)=Alexander Macomb (merchant)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_E._Pugh=George E. Pugh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Ewing=Thomas Ewing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_Campbell_(American_politician)=Alexander Campbell (American politician)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_A._Trimble=William A. Trimble
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stanley_Griswold=Stanley Griswold
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wanda_Wasilewska=Wanda Wasilewska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Needham=Richard Needham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rob_Neyer=Rob Neyer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/S._Ansky=S. Ansky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jackson_Mac_Low=Jackson Mac Low
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patty_Wagstaff=Patty Wagstaff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Linda_Lusardi=Linda Lusardi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samuel_Kane=Samuel Kane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kenneth_M._Pollack=Kenneth M. Pollack
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Corin_Nemec=Corin Nemec
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jim_McKay=Jim McKay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dolly_Pentreath=Dolly Pentreath
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack_Butler_(Jiwarli)=Jack Butler (Jiwarli)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Red_Thunder_Cloud=Red Thunder Cloud
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Susan_Ward=Susan Ward
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Herbert,_2nd_Earl_of_Pembroke=Henry Herbert, 2nd Earl of Pembroke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alf_Palmer=Alf Palmer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Hamilton_(governor)=Henry Hamilton (governor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friedrich_Carl_Alwin_Pockels=Friedrich Carl Alwin Pockels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kerry_Mills=Kerry Mills
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Starfire_(comics)=Starfire (comics)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nikolay_Yegorovich_Zhukovsky=Nikolay Yegorovich Zhukovsky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greg_Evans_(cartoonist)=Greg Evans (cartoonist)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Pennethorne=James Pennethorne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Joseph_Brady=John Joseph Brady
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steve_Prefontaine=Steve Prefontaine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clay_Dixon=Clay Dixon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_H._McGee=James H. McGee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richie_Wilcox=Richie Wilcox
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dave_Hall_(Dayton_mayor)=Dave Hall (Dayton mayor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sam_Hall_(diver)=Sam Hall (diver)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/C._J._McLin=C. J. McLin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mac_McLin=Mac McLin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eileen_Anderson=Eileen Anderson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_H._Watson=Edward H. Watson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maureen_Reagan=Maureen Reagan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Dominis=John Dominis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_W._Huffman=James W. Huffman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfred_Weber=Alfred Weber
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Simeon_D._Fess=Simeon D. Fess
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atlee_Pomerene=Atlee Pomerene
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_W._F._Dick=Charles W. F. Dick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Garfield_Todd=Garfield Todd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Morris_(Ohio_politician)=Thomas Morris (Ohio politician)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benjamin_Ruggles=Benjamin Ruggles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Kerr=Joseph Kerr
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carlos_di_Sarli=Carlos di Sarli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Osvaldo_Pugliese=Osvaldo Pugliese
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Juan_d'Arienzo=Juan d'Arienzo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Ian_Cusick=Henry Ian Cusick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Buffer=Michael Buffer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Julian_Glover=Julian Glover
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Beradino=John Beradino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robin_Strasser=Robin Strasser
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Hiltzik=Robert Hiltzik
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beverlee_McKinsey=Beverlee McKinsey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don_MacLaughlin=Don MacLaughlin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/D._G._Anderson=D. G. Anderson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ira_Coleman_Batman=Ira Coleman Batman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samuel_ibn_Tibbon=Samuel ibn Tibbon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grant_Show=Grant Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Donald_Faison=Donald Faison
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Hobson=Peter Hobson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kelly_Curtis=Kelly Curtis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samuel_L._Greitzer=Samuel L. Greitzer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caspar_Bartholin_the_Elder=Caspar Bartholin the Elder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eiko_Kadono=Eiko Kadono
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Damian_Wilson=Damian Wilson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deej_Fabyc=Deej Fabyc
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michelle_Young=Michelle Young
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Sutton,_3rd_Baron_Dudley=John Sutton, 3rd Baron Dudley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ian_Buchanan=Ian Buchanan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oliver_Wakeman=Oliver Wakeman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierluigi_Collina=Pierluigi Collina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emily_McLaughlin=Emily McLaughlin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mehran_Karimi_Nasseri=Mehran Karimi Nasseri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ralph_Lane=Ralph Lane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Tom=David Tom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dud_Dudley=Dud Dudley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mary_Stuart_(actress)=Mary Stuart (actress)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alicia_Coppola=Alicia Coppola
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ken_Aston=Ken Aston
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Peck_Todd=David Peck Todd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sarah_Chalke=Sarah Chalke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ella_Baker=Ella Baker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anthony_Geary=Anthony Geary
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Helen_Duncan=Helen Duncan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Genie_Francis=Genie Francis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stephen_Nichols=Stephen Nichols
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kazem_al-Haeri=Kazem al-Haeri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_Freston=Tom Freston
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Murphy_J._Foster=Murphy J. Foster
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fred_Crisman=Fred Crisman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Todd_(biologist)=John Todd (biologist)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samuel_E._Wright=Samuel E. Wright
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kirstine_Meyer=Kirstine Meyer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rosaura_Andreu=Rosaura Andreu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dorte_Juul_Jensen=Dorte Juul Jensen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gudrun_Boysen=Gudrun Boysen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rudolf_Gundlach=Rudolf Gundlach
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Grey,_1st_Duke_of_Suffolk=Henry Grey, 1st Duke of Suffolk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eddie_Livingstone=Eddie Livingstone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Bourke=Richard Bourke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brent_Butt=Brent Butt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gabrielle_Miller=Gabrielle Miller
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eric_Peterson=Eric Peterson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nancy_Robertson_(actress)=Nancy Robertson (actress)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lorne_Cardinal=Lorne Cardinal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tara_Spencer-Nairn=Tara Spencer-Nairn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kevin_McDonald=Kevin McDonald
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bryn_Terfel=Bryn Terfel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Denise_Alexander=Denise Alexander
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harding_Lemay=Harding Lemay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Craig_Brown_(satirist)=Craig Brown (satirist)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Simon_Cumbers=Simon Cumbers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Holger_Voss=Holger Voss
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sozomen=Sozomen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eustathius_of_Antioch=Eustathius of Antioch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pat_Moss=Pat Moss
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Sutton,_2nd_Baron_Dudley=Edward Sutton, 2nd Baron Dudley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eddie_Braben=Eddie Braben
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sharon_Case=Sharon Case
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trevor_St._John=Trevor St. John
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Janice_Hart=Janice Hart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aubrey_Burl=Aubrey Burl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lucille_Wall=Lucille Wall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frances_P._Bolton=Frances P. Bolton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jay_Mohr=Jay Mohr
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_LaMotta=Joseph LaMotta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mary_M._Schroeder=Mary M. Schroeder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christian_LeBlanc=Christian LeBlanc
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kate_Garraway=Kate Garraway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Vanik=Charles Vanik
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Gisborne=Thomas Gisborne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emma_Vyssotsky=Emma Vyssotsky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madison_Grant=Madison Grant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Margaret_Waters=Margaret Waters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alicia_Leigh_Willis=Alicia Leigh Willis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Arnold_Taylor=James Arnold Taylor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ellen_Wheeler=Ellen Wheeler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lori_Beth_Denberg=Lori Beth Denberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Altichiero=Altichiero
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mayim_Bialik=Mayim Bialik
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thorsten_Kaye=Thorsten Kaye
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marcel_Dadi=Marcel Dadi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bei_Dao=Bei Dao
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Honinbo_Shuho=Honinbo Shuho
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ulrich_Wickert=Ulrich Wickert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anne_Will=Anne Will
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Bogle=Paul Bogle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Djalu_Gurruwiwi=Djalu Gurruwiwi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tage_Danielsson=Tage Danielsson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Katzenberger_Trial=Katzenberger Trial
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Julius_Trumpler=Robert Julius Trumpler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Sutton,_5th_Baron_Dudley=Edward Sutton, 5th Baron Dudley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_South=James South
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Heinrich_Blasius=Johann Heinrich Blasius
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gennadi_Gagulia=Gennadi Gagulia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marilyn_Sadler=Marilyn Sadler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/P._T._Selbit=P. T. Selbit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antonia_de_Sancha=Antonia de Sancha
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tadeusz_Rejtan=Tadeusz Rejtan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Helmut_Walcha=Helmut Walcha
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christoph_Wolff=Christoph Wolff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Terri_J._Vaughn=Terri J. Vaughn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kelly_Rutherford=Kelly Rutherford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hermann_Scherchen=Hermann Scherchen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joey_Lawrence=Joey Lawrence
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orla_Guerin=Orla Guerin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benjamin_Cromwell_Franklin=Benjamin Cromwell Franklin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_Skerritt=Tom Skerritt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Conor_Brady=Conor Brady
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ellen_Dolan=Ellen Dolan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kelly_Monaco=Kelly Monaco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Y._Satterlee=Henry Y. Satterlee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Davitt_Moroney=Davitt Moroney
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kenneth_O._May=Kenneth O. May
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chester_Kallman=Chester Kallman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Melody_Thomas_Scott=Melody Thomas Scott
http://dbpedia.org/resource/P._F._Sloan=P. F. Sloan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gameel_Al-Batouti=Gameel Al-Batouti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bernd_Posselt=Bernd Posselt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Milovan_Drecun=Milovan Drecun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Richard_Fox=Charles Richard Fox
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_So=John So
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francis_IV,_Duke_of_Modena=Francis IV, Duke of Modena
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Walker_(composer)=William Walker (composer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abd_Al-Karim_Al-Iryani=Abd Al-Karim Al-Iryani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marilyn_Burns=Marilyn Burns
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Faraj_Said_Bin_Ghanem=Faraj Said Bin Ghanem
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Muhammad_Said_al-Attar=Muhammad Said al-Attar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Anthony_Stewart=Paul Anthony Stewart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steve_Burton_(actor)=Steve Burton (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carlos_Manuel_Arana_Osorio=Carlos Manuel Arana Osorio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Enrique_Peralta_Azurdia=Enrique Peralta Azurdia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wendie_Malick=Wendie Malick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meleager_(general)=Meleager (general)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jorge_Toriello_Garrido=Jorge Toriello Garrido
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sharon_Gless=Sharon Gless
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francisco_Javier_Arana=Francisco Javier Arana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierre_de_Manchicourt=Pierre de Manchicourt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alejandro_M._Sinibaldi=Alejandro M. Sinibaldi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Hills_(jockey)=Michael Hills (jockey)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cynthia_Rylant=Cynthia Rylant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_du_Fresne,_sieur_du_Cange=Charles du Fresne, sieur du Cange
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rajah_Sulayman=Rajah Sulayman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martinus_Fabri=Martinus Fabri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anri_Jergenia=Anri Jergenia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shuki_Levy=Shuki Levy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Danny_Almonte=Danny Almonte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stephen_Franks=Stephen Franks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mariana_Bracetti=Mariana Bracetti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Birhanu_Bayeh=Birhanu Bayeh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aman_Andom=Aman Andom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tafari_Benti=Tafari Benti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Gay=Peter Gay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_A._Patterson=William A. Patterson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sheila_Majid=Sheila Majid
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Lieberman=Robert Lieberman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ton_Sijbrands=Ton Sijbrands
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philip_Green=Philip Green
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicky_Rackard=Nicky Rackard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alice_Bunker_Stockham=Alice Bunker Stockham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sergei_Bagapsh=Sergei Bagapsh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ken_Olin=Ken Olin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Kinane=Michael Kinane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Eisendrath=John Eisendrath
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Willis_Carto=Willis Carto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gerome_Ragni=Gerome Ragni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mariss_Jansons=Mariss Jansons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eric_Braeden=Eric Braeden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mark_Ruffalo=Mark Ruffalo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lauralee_Bell=Lauralee Bell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/W._Michael_Blumenthal=W. Michael Blumenthal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gustav_Nachtigal=Gustav Nachtigal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bob_Blackman_(politician)=Bob Blackman (politician)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iqbal_Masih=Iqbal Masih
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joanne_McCartney=Joanne McCartney
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Damian_Hockney=Damian Hockney
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elizabeth_Doocey,_Baroness_Doocey=Elizabeth Doocey, Baroness Doocey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Du_Chaillu=Paul Du Chaillu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_A._Dahl=Robert A. Dahl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Hulme-Cross=Peter Hulme-Cross
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Murad_Qureshi=Murad Qureshi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Gardner_Wilkinson=John Gardner Wilkinson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Morgan_Spurlock=Morgan Spurlock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jennifer_Westfeldt=Jennifer Westfeldt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_III,_Duke_of_Cleves=John III, Duke of Cleves
http://dbpedia.org/resource/JJ_Cale=JJ Cale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iona_Brown=Iona Brown
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crazy_Horse=Crazy Horse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paula_Jai_Parker=Paula Jai Parker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brian_Gaskill=Brian Gaskill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jan_Lorenc=Jan Lorenc
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miranda_Cosgrove=Miranda Cosgrove
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Murdoch_(poet)=William Murdoch (poet)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martin_Campbell=Martin Campbell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Acheson_Irvine=Acheson Irvine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stephen_Hughes_(politician)=Stephen Hughes (politician)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martin_Callanan=Martin Callanan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Corbett=Richard Corbett
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Linda_McAvan=Linda McAvan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Count_Johann_Hartwig_Ernst_von_Bernstorff=Count Johann Hartwig Ernst von Bernstorff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Katherine_Kelly_Lang=Katherine Kelly Lang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eluned_Morgan,_Baroness_Morgan_of_Ely=Eluned Morgan, Baroness Morgan of Ely
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glyn_Ford=Glyn Ford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Skinner=Peter Skinner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diana_Wallis=Diana Wallis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michel_Aco=Michel Aco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fiona_Hall_(politician)=Fiona Hall (politician)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Neena_Gill=Neena Gill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liz_Lynne=Liz Lynne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cornelis_Drebbel=Cornelis Drebbel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Graham_Watson=Graham Watson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jonathan_Goldstein_(actor)=Jonathan Goldstein (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kastriot_Islami=Kastriot Islami
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phillip_Whitehead=Phillip Whitehead
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bill_Newton_Dunn=Bill Newton Dunn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chris_Heaton-Harris=Chris Heaton-Harris
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Bowis=John Bowis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Tannock=Charles Tannock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theresa_Villiers=Theresa Villiers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Timothy_Kirkhope=Timothy Kirkhope
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Murdoch_(Scottish_journalist)=James Murdoch (Scottish journalist)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Julius_Sterling_Morton=Julius Sterling Morton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Elles=James Elles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philip_Bradbourn=Philip Bradbourn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_H._Goddard=Henry H. Goddard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Den_Dover=Den Dover
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amanda_Burton=Amanda Burton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mathias_Brugman=Mathias Brugman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Sumberg=David Sumberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Terry_Wynn=Terry Wynn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arlene_McCarthy=Arlene McCarthy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sajjad_Karim=Sajjad Karim
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rodger_Bumpass=Rodger Bumpass
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ashley_Mote=Ashley Mote
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Bell_(Tennessee_politician)=John Bell (Tennessee politician)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yasin_Said_Numan=Yasin Said Numan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Franks_(aide-de-camp)=David Franks (aide-de-camp)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/D._A._Pennebaker=D. A. Pennebaker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philippe_de_Monte=Philippe de Monte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Engelbert_Kaempfer=Engelbert Kaempfer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Radhanath_Sikdar=Radhanath Sikdar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Helfgott=David Helfgott
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Wilkerson=David Wilkerson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis_Feuillade=Louis Feuillade
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dave_Ross=Dave Ross
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steve_Guttenberg=Steve Guttenberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_McWilliams=Peter McWilliams
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ashleigh_Banfield=Ashleigh Banfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Olivier_Peslier=Olivier Peslier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Corrie_ten_Boom=Corrie ten Boom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adam_Wylie=Adam Wylie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Hills_(jockey)=Richard Hills (jockey)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Newton_Peck=Robert Newton Peck
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sankardev=Sankardev
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Bean=John Bean
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Coad=Richard Coad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sergei_Yesenin=Sergei Yesenin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Horsley=David Horsley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christie_Blatchford=Christie Blatchford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kathy_Brier=Kathy Brier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wade_Rathke=Wade Rathke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roger_Williams_Straus,_Jr.=Roger Williams Straus, Jr.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Struan_Stevenson=Struan Stevenson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Catherine_Stihler=Catherine Stihler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alyn_Smith=Alyn Smith
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Purvis=John Purvis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Martin_(Scottish_politician)=David Martin (Scottish politician)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elspeth_Attwooll=Elspeth Attwooll
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jim_Allister=Jim Allister
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Henry_Harrison_Beadle=William Henry Harrison Beadle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michel_Drach=Michel Drach
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raymond_E._Brown=Raymond E. Brown
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ahmad_al-Ghashmi=Ahmad al-Ghashmi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francis_X._Bushman=Francis X. Bushman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dave_Taylor_(game_programmer)=Dave Taylor (game programmer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mohsin_Ahmad_al-Aini=Mohsin Ahmad al-Aini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abdul_Latif_Dayfallah=Abdul Latif Dayfallah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hassan_Muhammad_Makki=Hassan Muhammad Makki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kadhi_Abdullah_al-Hagri=Kadhi Abdullah al-Hagri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrew_Plotkin=Andrew Plotkin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nancy_Kulp=Nancy Kulp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abdul_Rahman_al-Iryani=Abdul Rahman al-Iryani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ahmad_Muhammad_Numan=Ahmad Muhammad Numan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abdul_Salam_Sabrah=Abdul Salam Sabrah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Muhammad_Ali_Haitham=Muhammad Ali Haitham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Herman_Hupfeld=Herman Hupfeld
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abdullah_Kurshumi=Abdullah Kurshumi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hassan_al-Amri=Hassan al-Amri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buddy_MacKay=Buddy MacKay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sri_Prakasa=Sri Prakasa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luis_Alberto_Lacalle=Luis Alberto Lacalle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tim_Reid=Tim Reid
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daphne_Maxwell_Reid=Daphne Maxwell Reid
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kimberly_McCullough=Kimberly McCullough
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Melissa_Archer=Melissa Archer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carol_Browner=Carol Browner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vladimir_Ilyushin=Vladimir Ilyushin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Wallace_Campbell=William Wallace Campbell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_Meeus=Jean Meeus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jerome_Hanus=Jerome Hanus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oscar_Straus_(politician)=Oscar Straus (politician)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peggy_Shippen=Peggy Shippen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Geoffrey_Burbidge=Geoffrey Burbidge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alex_Pacheco_(activist)=Alex Pacheco (activist)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scott_Cao=Scott Cao
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_Keenan_Seyfert=Carl Keenan Seyfert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ralph_Wiley=Ralph Wiley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ron_Wilson_(Clear_Channel_radio_host)=Ron Wilson (Clear Channel radio host)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wallace_L._W._Sargent=Wallace L. W. Sargent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marcel_Minnaert=Marcel Minnaert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jessica_Cutler=Jessica Cutler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glen_Bell=Glen Bell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Togiola_Tulafono=Togiola Tulafono
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Mosier=John Mosier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Etienne_Ys=Etienne Ys
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alan_Huckle=Alan Huckle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Faysal_al-Shaabi=Faysal al-Shaabi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hamoud_al-Gayifi=Hamoud al-Gayifi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patrick_Watson_(producer)=Patrick Watson (producer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Russell_(parson)=John Russell (parson)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samuel_Hunter_Christie=Samuel Hunter Christie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Basil_Blackwell=Basil Blackwell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hyde_(musician)=Hyde (musician)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Claude_Dornier=Claude Dornier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Wilson_Dorr=Thomas Wilson Dorr
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Thompson_Dorrance=John Thompson Dorrance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frank_Nelson_Doubleday=Frank Nelson Doubleday
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Montagu_Doughty=Charles Montagu Doughty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Donald_Wills_Douglas,_Sr.=Donald Wills Douglas, Sr.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Olin_Downes=Olin Downes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Alexander_Dowie=John Alexander Dowie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anthony_Comstock=Anthony Comstock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Constantinos_Apostolou_Doxiadis=Constantinos Apostolou Doxiadis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manuel_Ruiz_Zorrilla=Manuel Ruiz Zorrilla
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Lees=Robert Lees
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jerry_Zucker_(film_director)=Jerry Zucker (film director)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Zucker_(filmmaker)=David Zucker (filmmaker)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sergei_Vasilyevich_Zubatov=Sergei Vasilyevich Zubatov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mortimer_Zuckerman=Mortimer Zuckerman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barbara_Whiting_Smith=Barbara Whiting Smith
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yamamoto_Tatsuo_(politician)=Yamamoto Tatsuo (politician)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yaropolk_Rostislavich=Yaropolk Rostislavich
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yaqut_al-Hamawi=Yaqut al-Hamawi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mary_Ann_Yates=Mary Ann Yates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Julia_Antonia=Julia Antonia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_Yawkey=Tom Yawkey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Yeardley=George Yeardley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adli_Yakan_Pasha=Adli Yakan Pasha
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adolphe_Yvon=Adolphe Yvon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yuri_II_of_Vladimir=Yuri II of Vladimir
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Niclausse=Paul Niclausse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samuel_Youngs=Samuel Youngs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frederick_Holbourn=Frederick Holbourn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michelle_Smith=Michelle Smith
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frank_Edward_Young_(physician)=Frank Edward Young (physician)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Russell_Young=John Russell Young
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ann_Eliza_Young=Ann Eliza Young
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alex_Leigh=Alex Leigh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Keith=David Keith
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joachim_Yhombi-Opango=Joachim Yhombi-Opango
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ann_Taylor_(newscaster)=Ann Taylor (newscaster)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Viktor_Yerin=Viktor Yerin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clayton_Keith_Yeutter=Clayton Keith Yeutter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brad_Renfro=Brad Renfro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stephen_P._Synnott=Stephen P. Synnott
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_J._Terrile=Richard J. Terrile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fernando_Quijano=Fernando Quijano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Henry_Quello=James Henry Quello
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeremy_Harris=Jeremy Harris
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Preston_Smith_(Georgia_state_politician)=Preston Smith (Georgia state politician)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mel_Read=Mel Read
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marilyn_Quayle=Marilyn Quayle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sandy_Petersen=Sandy Petersen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alison_Stewart=Alison Stewart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Butler_(lawyer)=Charles Butler (lawyer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean-Pierre_Blanchard=Jean-Pierre Blanchard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Milo_Butler=Milo Butler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Butler_(American_politician)=David Butler (American politician)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maryanne_Kusaka=Maryanne Kusaka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Javier_Alatorre=Javier Alatorre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Walton_Butterworth=William Walton Butterworth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfred_Mosher_Butts=Alfred Mosher Butts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alan_Arakawa=Alan Arakawa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_W._Byrns,_Sr.=Joseph W. Byrns, Sr.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Donald_E._Belfi=Donald E. Belfi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pepper_Schwartz=Pepper Schwartz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rodion_Shchedrin=Rodion Shchedrin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mark_Dacascos=Mark Dacascos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oscar_Straus_(composer)=Oscar Straus (composer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_C._Lane=David C. Lane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Baptist_von_Spix=Johann Baptist von Spix
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Woolston=Thomas Woolston
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lorrin_A._Thurston=Lorrin A. Thurston
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Donald_Trumbull=Donald Trumbull
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Georg_August_Galletti=Johann Georg August Galletti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Frederick_Ferrier=James Frederick Ferrier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hans-Peter_Martin=Hans-Peter Martin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gustaf_Algernon_Stierneld=Gustaf Algernon Stierneld
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Max_Kellerman=Max Kellerman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Takayuki_Nakamura=Takayuki Nakamura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philip_Freneau=Philip Freneau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gustav_Freytag=Gustav Freytag
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barbara_Fritchie=Barbara Fritchie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A._Q._M._Badruddoza_Chowdhury=A. Q. M. Badruddoza Chowdhury
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jason_Scott_Lee=Jason Scott Lee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Frohman=Charles Frohman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hussain_Muhammad_Ershad=Hussain Muhammad Ershad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A._F._M._Ahsanuddin_Chowdhury=A. F. M. Ahsanuddin Chowdhury
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ulrich_Inderbinen=Ulrich Inderbinen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Krzysztof_Piesiewicz=Krzysztof Piesiewicz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tony_Shryane=Tony Shryane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_J._Mason=Edward J. Mason
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walter_A._O'Brien=Walter A. O'Brien
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Allen_Forte=Allen Forte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Howard_Scott_Gentry=Howard Scott Gentry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joe_Penner=Joe Penner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rudy_Insanally=Rudy Insanally
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Julian_Hunte=Julian Hunte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Didier_Opertti=Didier Opertti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeong_Do-jeon=Jeong Do-jeon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Adam_Hiller=Johann Adam Hiller
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jorma_Gallen-Kallela=Jorma Gallen-Kallela
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frank_Rosenthal=Frank Rosenthal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Marshall_Johnson,_Jr.=Paul Marshall Johnson, Jr.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Typhoon_Lee=Typhoon Lee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prudentius=Prudentius
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Knut_Frydenlund=Knut Frydenlund
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ida_Fuller=Ida Fuller
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ida_May_Fuller=Ida May Fuller
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis_Agassiz_Fuertes=Louis Agassiz Fuertes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Horace_Howard_Furness=Horace Howard Furness
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matthew_Haughey=Matthew Haughey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meg_Hourihan=Meg Hourihan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boris_Fyodorov=Boris Fyodorov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vitaly_Fedorchuk=Vitaly Fedorchuk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barkat_Gourad_Hamadou=Barkat Gourad Hamadou
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kenneth_Burke=Kenneth Burke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shannyn_Sossamon=Shannyn Sossamon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heidi_Hautala=Heidi Hautala
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Humberto_Ivaldi=Humberto Ivaldi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nagamichi_Kuroda=Nagamichi Kuroda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philip_Barker-Webb=Philip Barker-Webb
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sabin_Berthelot=Sabin Berthelot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfred_Moquin-Tandon=Alfred Moquin-Tandon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jim_Bohannon=Jim Bohannon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilhelm_Hemprich=Wilhelm Hemprich
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Tytler=James Tytler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marcus_Antonius_Creticus=Marcus Antonius Creticus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Simon_Jones_(actor)=Simon Jones (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marvin_Travis_Runyon=Marvin Travis Runyon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tim_Matheson=Tim Matheson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Noble_Tyner=James Noble Tyner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edith_Holden=Edith Holden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_E._Tuttle=Charles E. Tuttle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_Friedrich_Heinrich,_Graf_von_Wylich_und_Lottum=Carl Friedrich Heinrich, Graf von Wylich und Lottum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sokhna_Benga=Sokhna Benga
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luigi_Colani=Luigi Colani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walter_F._Tichy=Walter F. Tichy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christopher_McCandless=Christopher McCandless
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Franz_Meyen=Franz Meyen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zach_Braff=Zach Braff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_L._Stevens=John L. Stevens
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_M._Weiser=Peter M. Weiser
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_Ziegler=Jean Ziegler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anna_Wintour=Anna Wintour
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colin_Archer=Colin Archer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Publius_Rutilius_Rufus=Publius Rutilius Rufus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abdon_(Judges)=Abdon (Judges)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Newman_(explorer)=John Newman (explorer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fujiwara_no_Yorinaga=Fujiwara no Yorinaga
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ron_O'Neal=Ron O'Neal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leopold_Figl=Leopold Figl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Janet_Hubert=Janet Hubert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Olivia_d'Abo=Olivia d'Abo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Qingde_Wang=Qingde Wang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gotthard_Victor_Lechler=Gotthard Victor Lechler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edna_Rose_Ritchings=Edna Rose Ritchings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rosemary_Willis=Rosemary Willis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacob_Collamer=Jacob Collamer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anton_Friedrich_Justus_Thibaut=Anton Friedrich Justus Thibaut
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joachim_Wilhelm_Franz_Philipp_von_Holtzendorff=Joachim Wilhelm Franz Philipp von Holtzendorff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Evan_Dobelle=Evan Dobelle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ryan_Reynolds=Ryan Reynolds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/G._B._Pegram=G. B. Pegram
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tulivu-Donna_Cumberbatch=Tulivu-Donna Cumberbatch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jessica_Tuck=Jessica Tuck
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oliver_Davis=Oliver Davis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brindley_Benn=Brindley Benn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_B._Cortelyou=George B. Cortelyou
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Summer_Phoenix=Summer Phoenix
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Felix_Grundy=Felix Grundy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heather_Langenkamp=Heather Langenkamp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Curt_Weldon=Curt Weldon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Milt_Campbell=Milt Campbell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leumund_Cult=Leumund Cult
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adam_Blue_Galli=Adam Blue Galli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Arness=James Arness
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Simonyi=Charles Simonyi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Graham_Nicholls=Graham Nicholls
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tomasi_Puapua=Tomasi Puapua
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Green_Clemson=Thomas Green Clemson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emmet_John_Hughes=Emmet John Hughes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marcolino_Moco=Marcolino Moco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lionel_Lukin=Lionel Lukin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Komitas=Komitas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brian_Moriarty=Brian Moriarty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Geoffrey_Keynes=Geoffrey Keynes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Hinks=James Hinks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reino_Antero_Hirvonen=Reino Antero Hirvonen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Valerius_Cordus=Valerius Cordus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bill_Kenwright=Bill Kenwright
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_Scrymgeour,_12th_Earl_of_Dundee=Alexander Scrymgeour, 12th Earl of Dundee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Veikko_Aleksanteri_Heiskanen=Veikko Aleksanteri Heiskanen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeremy_Belknap=Jeremy Belknap
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dragutin_Esser=Dragutin Esser
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hermann_Esser=Hermann Esser
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albert_Austin=Albert Austin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pat_Roach=Pat Roach
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Howard_Schultz=Howard Schultz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Wentworth,_2nd_Earl_of_Strafford=William Wentworth, 2nd Earl of Strafford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Paget=James Paget
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Saul=John Saul
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_Schmemann=Alexander Schmemann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Genevieve_Lloyd=Genevieve Lloyd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wolfgang_Grams=Wolfgang Grams
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Nettleship_Staley=Thomas Nettleship Staley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iamblichus_(novelist)=Iamblichus (novelist)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abraham_Yakin=Abraham Yakin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hannah_Yakin=Hannah Yakin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Olof_Erland=Olof Erland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sune_Eriksson=Sune Eriksson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edgar_James_Banks=Edgar James Banks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arthur_Bourchier=Arthur Bourchier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis_Bourdaloue=Louis Bourdaloue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antoinette_Bourignon=Antoinette Bourignon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angela_Alvarado=Angela Alvarado
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Wouldhave=William Wouldhave
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daniel_Knox,_6th_Earl_of_Ranfurly=Daniel Knox, 6th Earl of Ranfurly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harvey_Matusow=Harvey Matusow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Owen_Lattimore=Owen Lattimore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sheila_Hancock=Sheila Hancock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benjamin_Franklin_Butler_(lawyer)=Benjamin Franklin Butler (lawyer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ed_Hindson=Ed Hindson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mario_Van_Peebles=Mario Van Peebles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Speed=James Speed
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lisa_Robin_Kelly=Lisa Robin Kelly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henrietta_Litchfield=Henrietta Litchfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Upski_Wimsatt=William Upski Wimsatt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Edmond_Grant=Robert Edmond Grant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mariano_Fortuny_(designer)=Mariano Fortuny (designer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Park_Chan-wook=Park Chan-wook
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anita_McNaught=Anita McNaught
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Horne_Blackmore=John Horne Blackmore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Batman=John Batman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Josef_Meinrad=Josef Meinrad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Cope=David Cope
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Chaney=James Chaney
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sathyan_Anthikad=Sathyan Anthikad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uchida_Kosai=Uchida Kosai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stewart_Udall=Stewart Udall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ben_Goodger=Ben Goodger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mohammad_Mohammadullah=Mohammad Mohammadullah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manuel_Ugarte=Manuel Ugarte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Umhlangana_kaSenzangakhona=Umhlangana kaSenzangakhona
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oscar_Underwood=Oscar Underwood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Chetwynd-Talbot,_20th_Earl_of_Shrewsbury=Charles Chetwynd-Talbot, 20th Earl of Shrewsbury
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gwynfor_Evans=Gwynfor Evans
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_Bell_Patterson=Alexander Bell Patterson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Upington=Thomas Upington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Agathe_Uwilingiyimana=Agathe Uwilingiyimana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Palmer_Usher=John Palmer Usher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Petrus_van_der_Aa=Petrus van der Aa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles-Arthur_Gauthier=Charles-Arthur Gauthier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack_Cohen_(businessman)=Jack Cohen (businessman)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Urquhart=Thomas Urquhart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philips_van_der_Aa=Philips van der Aa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Denver_Pyle=Denver Pyle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clover_Maitland=Clover Maitland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Winde=William Winde
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dieter_Althaus=Dieter Althaus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_Fouquet=Jean Fouquet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ibn_Zuhr=Ibn Zuhr
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rick_Warren=Rick Warren
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anders_Frisk=Anders Frisk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis_Leo_Snyder=Louis Leo Snyder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hiram_Bingham_I=Hiram Bingham I
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hiram_Bingham_IV=Hiram Bingham IV
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albert_Leo_Schlageter=Albert Leo Schlageter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hiram_Bingham_II=Hiram Bingham II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sampson_Gamgee=Sampson Gamgee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xavier_Roberts=Xavier Roberts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_D._Gilpin=Henry D. Gilpin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Constance_McCashin=Constance McCashin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gordon_Wilson_(Scottish_politician)=Gordon Wilson (Scottish politician)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gordon_Wilson_(peace_campaigner)=Gordon Wilson (peace campaigner)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Osbert_Salvin=Osbert Salvin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Johnson_(writer)=Paul Johnson (writer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Geiler_von_Kaisersberg=Johann Geiler von Kaisersberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abdel_Aziz_al-Muqrin=Abdel Aziz al-Muqrin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_Morozevich=Alexander Morozevich
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Walker_(jockey)=Michael Walker (jockey)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Harrison_Folsom=William Harrison Folsom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keiko_Agena=Keiko Agena
http://dbpedia.org/resource/W._S._Van_Dyke=W. S. Van Dyke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nancy_Lancaster=Nancy Lancaster
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Kay=Joseph Kay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ferenc_Kazinczy=Ferenc Kazinczy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karl_Michahelles=Karl Michahelles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfred_Santell=Alfred Santell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Polyperchon=Polyperchon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sanaa_Lathan=Sanaa Lathan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zarah_Leander=Zarah Leander
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Quain=Richard Quain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Cadbury=George Cadbury
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sir_William_Brereton,_1st_Baronet=Sir William Brereton, 1st Baronet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Ernest_Shelley=George Ernest Shelley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oliver_St_John=Oliver St John
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Fiennes,_1st_Viscount_Saye_and_Sele=William Fiennes, 1st Viscount Saye and Sele
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maria_Ouspenskaya=Maria Ouspenskaya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nino_Manfredi=Nino Manfredi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ji_Baocheng=Ji Baocheng
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jane_Elliot=Jane Elliot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Josef_Pfitzner=Josef Pfitzner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/P._L._Robertson=P. L. Robertson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eddie_Foy,_Sr.=Eddie Foy, Sr.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Keate=John Keate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hugh_Franklin=Hugh Franklin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laura_Wright=Laura Wright
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ann_Williams_(actress)=Ann Williams (actress)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mary_Anne_Keeley=Mary Anne Keeley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elbridge_Trask=Elbridge Trask
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Bergman=Peter Bergman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Sabatino=Michael Sabatino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Melusine_von_der_Schulenburg,_Duchess_of_Kendal=Melusine von der Schulenburg, Duchess of Kendal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_Despres=Jean Despres
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martianus_Capella=Martianus Capella
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cleisthenes_of_Sicyon=Cleisthenes of Sicyon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Johnson_McDonald=William Johnson McDonald
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theuderic_III=Theuderic III
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Olin_Chaddock_Wilson=Olin Chaddock Wilson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Tousey=Richard Tousey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wolfgang_Droege=Wolfgang Droege
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Otto_E._Neugebauer=Otto E. Neugebauer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeremy_Weate=Jeremy Weate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeff_Daniels=Jeff Daniels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Gottlieb_Georgi=Johann Gottlieb Georgi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Louis_DiGaetani=John Louis DiGaetani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilfrid_Mellers=Wilfrid Mellers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A._C._Ewing=A. C. Ewing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sabine_Dardenne=Sabine Dardenne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jerome_Chen=Jerome Chen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sixten_Sason=Sixten Sason
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Volkwin=Volkwin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wenno=Wenno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jim_Baen=Jim Baen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Masaru_Ibuka=Masaru Ibuka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Masuji_Ibuse=Masuji Ibuse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abdel_Fattah_Yahya_Pasha=Abdel Fattah Yahya Pasha
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don_Berry_(author)=Don Berry (author)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harold_L._Ickes=Harold L. Ickes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Clay_Ide=Henry Clay Ide
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Robert_Ignatius=Paul Robert Ignatius
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nils_Claus_Ihlen=Nils Claus Ihlen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ilya_Ilf=Ilya Ilf
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Naftali_Herz_Imber=Naftali Herz Imber
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Julie_Gregory=Julie Gregory
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hardress_Waller=Hardress Waller
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edmund_Ludlow=Edmund Ludlow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patricia_Ireland=Patricia Ireland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ippen=Ippen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samuel_Insull=Samuel Insull
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Henry_Irwin=William Henry Irwin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Howard,_1st_Earl_of_Northampton=Henry Howard, 1st Earl of Northampton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zizi_Lambrino=Zizi Lambrino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lee_Allen_(musician)=Lee Allen (musician)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laurence_Shirley,_4th_Earl_Ferrers=Laurence Shirley, 4th Earl Ferrers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Garnet=Henry Garnet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georg_Ferdinand_Duckwitz=Georg Ferdinand Duckwitz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Watson_(priest)=William Watson (priest)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alison_Lapper=Alison Lapper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jennifer_Miller=Jennifer Miller
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sarah_Biffen=Sarah Biffen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Drewe=John Drewe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Myatt=John Myatt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Otto_Wacker=Otto Wacker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francis_Tresham=Francis Tresham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Cheung_Kwok_Wing=Paul Cheung Kwok Wing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guy_Hain=Guy Hain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emil_Jellinek=Emil Jellinek
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xu_Ke_(author)=Xu Ke (author)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_Herman_Unthan=Carl Herman Unthan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bernard_Cornfeld=Bernard Cornfeld
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Parker,_4th_Baron_Monteagle=William Parker, 4th Baron Monteagle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Kendrick_(cloth_merchant)=John Kendrick (cloth merchant)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francisco_Guerrero_(composer)=Francisco Guerrero (composer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frans_Hjalmar_Nortamo=Frans Hjalmar Nortamo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pietro_Aron=Pietro Aron
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heinrich_Glarean=Heinrich Glarean
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jenaro_Quesada,_1st_Marquis_of_Miravalles=Jenaro Quesada, 1st Marquis of Miravalles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Jenner=Peter Jenner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Masayoshi_Ito=Masayoshi Ito
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pasquier_Quesnel=Pasquier Quesnel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frederic_Eugene_Ives=Frederic Eugene Ives
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Merritt_Ives=James Merritt Ives
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iwasa_Matabei=Iwasa Matabei
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ralph_Izard=Ralph Izard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_Izvolsky=Alexander Izvolsky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_E._Wilson=Charles E. Wilson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Roberts_(engineer)=Richard Roberts (engineer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christoph_Feldegg=Christoph Feldegg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Unaipon=David Unaipon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ryuhei_Kitamura=Ryuhei Kitamura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Penry=John Penry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Martyn_Dexter=Henry Martyn Dexter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Cox_(bishop)=Richard Cox (bishop)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baiju=Baiju
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tenskwatawa=Tenskwatawa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yehoshua_Bar-Hillel=Yehoshua Bar-Hillel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jesse_H._Jones=Jesse H. Jones
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sheng-yen=Sheng-yen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nubar_Pasha=Nubar Pasha
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Riyad_Pasha=Riyad Pasha
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daniel_Spoerri=Daniel Spoerri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mahmoud_Sami_el-Baroudi=Mahmoud Sami el-Baroudi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karl_Lieberherr=Karl Lieberherr
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keokuk_(Sauk_leader)=Keokuk (Sauk leader)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Aspinall_(zoo_owner)=John Aspinall (zoo owner)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Shepherd_Creasy=Edward Shepherd Creasy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_W._Crawford=George W. Crawford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Randal_Cremer=Randal Cremer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Crichton=James Crichton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Creswell=John Creswell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Crook_(ethologist)=John Crook (ethologist)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Julie_Goodyear=Julie Goodyear
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Dennison_(Canadian_politician)=William Dennison (Canadian politician)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manuel_Puig=Manuel Puig
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gary_Cole=Gary Cole
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Damian=Michael Damian
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ellen_Holly=Ellen Holly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pat_Carney=Pat Carney
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Allan_A._Lamport=Allan A. Lamport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Patton_(musician)=John Patton (musician)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philip_Givens=Philip Givens
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sayana=Sayana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Naomi_Betts=Naomi Betts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jonathan_Lipnicki=Jonathan Lipnicki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Osborne_(politician)=John Osborne (politician)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ma_Jian_(basketball)=Ma Jian (basketball)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jennifer_M._Smith=Jennifer M. Smith
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maud_Adams=Maud Adams
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brooke_Burns=Brooke Burns
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Burke_Trend,_Baron_Trend=Burke Trend, Baron Trend
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harry_Fischel=Harry Fischel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Opdyke=George Opdyke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_J._Kavelaars=John J. Kavelaars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abraham_Cahan=Abraham Cahan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abraham_Jacobi=Abraham Jacobi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Frederick_Crisp=Charles Frederick Crisp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daniel_Richard_Crissinger=Daniel Richard Crissinger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Gwynn=John Gwynn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Effie_Crockett=Effie Crockett
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samuel_Ullman=Samuel Ullman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laura_Keene=Laura Keene
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Quin=James Quin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johannes_Aal=Johannes Aal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Schrader=Paul Schrader
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_H._Carroll=Charles H. Carroll
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carlos_Lopes=Carlos Lopes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Otto_Hesse=Otto Hesse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christian_Ludwig_Ideler=Christian Ludwig Ideler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anna_Vissi=Anna Vissi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfred_Belpaire=Alfred Belpaire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francis_Hayman=Francis Hayman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ozias_Humphry=Ozias Humphry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cherepanovs=Cherepanovs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Crotch=William Crotch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Russel_Crouse=Russel Crouse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Deeley=Richard Deeley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Allen_Culberson=Charles Allen Culberson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francesca_Cuzzoni=Francesca Cuzzoni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Cutler=Robert Cutler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kacey_Ainsworth=Kacey Ainsworth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charlotte_Cushman=Charlotte Cushman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Ticknor_Curtis=George Ticknor Curtis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cyrus_Hermann_Kotzschmar_Curtis=Cyrus Hermann Kotzschmar Curtis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brooke_Kinsella=Brooke Kinsella
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Joseph_Curley=Michael Joseph Curley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Randall_Cunningham=Randall Cunningham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hugh_Culverhouse=Hugh Culverhouse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albert_B._Cummins=Albert B. Cummins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monte_Attell=Monte Attell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dave_Hilton,_Sr.=Dave Hilton, Sr.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Homer_Stille_Cummings=Homer Stille Cummings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/August_Wilhelm_Iffland=August Wilhelm Iffland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eljigidei=Eljigidei
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mark_Harmon=Mark Harmon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_M._Alexander=David M. Alexander
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Levi_Coffin=Levi Coffin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Cullen_(mathematician)=James Cullen (mathematician)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ryan_Cooley=Ryan Cooley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ossie_Davis=Ossie Davis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Wheaton=James Wheaton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wendy_Moniz=Wendy Moniz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bob_Ivy=Bob Ivy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierre_Macherey=Pierre Macherey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meg_Whitman=Meg Whitman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nikolay_Pavlovich_Ignatyev=Nikolay Pavlovich Ignatyev
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yuri_Kasahara=Yuri Kasahara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benjamin_Civiletti=Benjamin Civiletti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harry_Dexter_White=Harry Dexter White
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_W._McClurg=Joseph W. McClurg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Joseph_Sweeney=James Joseph Sweeney
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Joseph_Scanlan=John Joseph Scanlan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Gascoigne_(scientist)=William Gascoigne (scientist)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hans_Krebs_(SS_general)=Hans Krebs (SS general)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johan_Vonlanthen=Johan Vonlanthen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack_McClelland_(publisher)=Jack McClelland (publisher)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jodi_Rell=Jodi Rell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Gammons=Peter Gammons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hans_Knirsch=Hans Knirsch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abdullah_Shah=Abdullah Shah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Henry_Draper,_Jr.=William Henry Draper, Jr.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_Alexander=Jean Alexander
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Walker_(composer)=George Walker (composer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Holden_(politician)=Richard Holden (politician)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Holdemar_Menezes=Holdemar Menezes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Otis_Kaye=Otis Kaye
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Martin,_Baron_Martin_of_Springburn=Michael Martin, Baron Martin of Springburn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sally_Dynevor=Sally Dynevor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kristina_Wagner=Kristina Wagner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silas_Woodson=Silas Woodson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lucien_Gaulard=Lucien Gaulard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Annie_Golden=Annie Golden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aaron_Montgomery_Ward=Aaron Montgomery Ward
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harry_Snell,_1st_Baron_Snell=Harry Snell, 1st Baron Snell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Claro_M._Recto=Claro M. Recto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diego_Luna=Diego Luna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zhang_Daoling=Zhang Daoling
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rosie_Perez=Rosie Perez
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cuacuauhtzin=Cuacuauhtzin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bernardo_Tanucci=Bernardo Tanucci
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis_Augustin_Guillaume_Bosc=Louis Augustin Guillaume Bosc
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Caspar_Dreier=John Caspar Dreier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Dybeck=Richard Dybeck
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patrick_Califia=Patrick Califia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Geoffrey_Robert_Gardner=Geoffrey Robert Gardner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clarence_Addison_Dykstra=Clarence Addison Dykstra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fredrik_Gyllenborg=Fredrik Gyllenborg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Naomi_Halas=Naomi Halas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goddard_Lieberson=Goddard Lieberson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georgiy_Gongadze=Georgiy Gongadze
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Hanna=Charles Hanna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bill_Drake=Bill Drake
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pieter_van_Abeele=Pieter van Abeele
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Frederick_Miller=John Frederick Miller
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bruno_Erhard_Abegg=Bruno Erhard Abegg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ron_Dennis=Ron Dennis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liu_Sheng,_Prince_of_Zhongshan=Liu Sheng, Prince of Zhongshan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tony_George=Tony George
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Friedrich_Abegg=Johann Friedrich Abegg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charlie_Whiting=Charlie Whiting
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Judy_Baar_Topinka=Judy Baar Topinka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Porter_Keep=Robert Porter Keep
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alan_Riddell=Alan Riddell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Julius_Friedrich_Heinrich_Abegg=Julius Friedrich Heinrich Abegg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hiroyuki_Nishimori=Hiroyuki Nishimori
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_J._Jeffries=James J. Jeffries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ludwig_Abeille=Ludwig Abeille
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Martin_(Irish_politician)=Richard Martin (Irish politician)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Munro_(philanthropist)=George Munro (philanthropist)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Esther_Hobart_Morris=Esther Hobart Morris
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kim_Sun-il=Kim Sun-il
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Martyn=Edward Martyn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pornthip_Rojanasunand=Pornthip Rojanasunand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alan_Young=Alan Young
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ajay_Naidu=Ajay Naidu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Harnett=William Harnett
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Culmer=Richard Culmer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jill_Balcon=Jill Balcon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Dweh=George Dweh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Balcon=Michael Balcon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Wilbur_Dwight=John Wilbur Dwight
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Addison_Dwiggins=William Addison Dwiggins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ivan_Durnovo=Ivan Durnovo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_Van_Vechten=Carl Van Vechten
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martin_Patrick_Durkin=Martin Patrick Durkin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_d'Urfey=Thomas d'Urfey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Medea_Benjamin=Medea Benjamin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Drew_(actor)=John Drew (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Drew,_Jr.=John Drew, Jr.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Foix=Charles Foix
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edwin_O._Guthman=Edwin O. Guthman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Driver=William Driver
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arthur_Jerome_Drossaerts=Arthur Jerome Drossaerts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Allen_Drury=Allen Drury
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Merrie_Amsterburg=Merrie Amsterburg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_J._Duane=William J. Duane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Dubinsky=David Dubinsky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Langalibalele_Dube=John Langalibalele Dube
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Dubois_(sculptor)=Paul Dubois (sculptor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bruria_David=Bruria David
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lucie,_Lady_Duff-Gordon=Lucie, Lady Duff-Gordon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Gavan_Duffy=Charles Gavan Duffy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Winston_Dugan,_1st_Baron_Dugan_of_Victoria=Winston Dugan, 1st Baron Dugan of Victoria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ion_N._Petrovici=Ion N. Petrovici
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Buchanan_Duke=James Buchanan Duke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benjamin_Newton_Duke=Benjamin Newton Duke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alex_Michel=Alex Michel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Washington_Duke=Washington Duke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Haberle=John Haberle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Duncan,_Jr.=Charles Duncan, Jr.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tracey_E._Bregman=Tracey E. Bregman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Thomas_Dunlop=John Thomas Dunlop
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Finley_Peter_Dunne=Finley Peter Dunne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_de_Dunois=Jean de Dunois
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Max_Nonne=Max Nonne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clifford_Dupont=Clifford Dupont
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lee_Majors=Lee Majors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_H._Levi=Edward H. Levi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kristoff_St._John=Kristoff St. John
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amelia_Marshall=Amelia Marshall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christopher_Douglas_(American_actor)=Christopher Douglas (American actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martin_Stephan=Martin Stephan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toshio_Sakai=Toshio Sakai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leo_Moser=Leo Moser
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Tietjen=John Tietjen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dwight_Chapin=Dwight Chapin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Bean=Charles Bean
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eleazar=Eleazar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gabriel_Valenciano=Gabriel Valenciano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Valerie_Bertinelli=Valerie Bertinelli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dhiyab_bin_Isa_Al_Nahyan=Dhiyab bin Isa Al Nahyan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angie_Everhart=Angie Everhart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_R._Cross=Charles R. Cross
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Biswamoy_Biswas=Biswamoy Biswas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isla_Fisher=Isla Fisher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Woonton=Robert Woonton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daniel_Constantin_(administrator)=Daniel Constantin (administrator)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arthur_MacArthur,_Sr.=Arthur MacArthur, Sr.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ned_Sparks=Ned Sparks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coles_Bashford=Coles Bashford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfred_Ely_Beach=Alfred Ely Beach
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mattie_Stepanek=Mattie Stepanek
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isang_Yun=Isang Yun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Inigo_Richards=John Inigo Richards
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_J._Kelly_(aerospace_engineer)=Thomas J. Kelly (aerospace engineer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Franko_Luin=Franko Luin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harold_Percival_Himsworth=Harold Percival Himsworth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Sandby=Paul Sandby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edwin_Albert_Link=Edwin Albert Link
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bernhard_Rudolf_Abeken=Bernhard Rudolf Abeken
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Sandby=Thomas Sandby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Geraldine_Chaplin=Geraldine Chaplin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rainer_Hertrich=Rainer Hertrich
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Robert_Ogilvie-Grant=William Robert Ogilvie-Grant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Erling_Lorentzen=Erling Lorentzen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Peckham=George Peckham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Helen_O'Hara=Helen O'Hara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karl_Theodor_Keim=Karl Theodor Keim
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Franz_Kemper=Franz Kemper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Freund_(writer)=Michael Freund (writer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Juliette_Goglia=Juliette Goglia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harold_Rome=Harold Rome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Drake_Hogestyn=Drake Hogestyn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mark_Consuelos=Mark Consuelos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alice_Hathaway_Lee_Roosevelt=Alice Hathaway Lee Roosevelt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Melvin_Lindsey=Melvin Lindsey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daniel_C._Roper=Daniel C. Roper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patsy_Pease=Patsy Pease
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andreja_Gomboc=Andreja Gomboc
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ida_Rosenthal=Ida Rosenthal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Teresa_Berganza=Teresa Berganza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samuel_Irving_Rosenman=Samuel Irving Rosenman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Julius_Rosenwald=Julius Rosenwald
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charlie_Ross_(journalist)=Charlie Ross (journalist)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Cadbury=Richard Cadbury
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_Foley=Tom Foley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doug_Davidson=Doug Davidson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Roughead=William Roughead
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georges_Rouault=Georges Rouault
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adolphe-Basile_Routhier=Adolphe-Basile Routhier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steve_Tesich=Steve Tesich
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Allen_Jones_(sculptor)=Allen Jones (sculptor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kenneth_Claiborne_Royall=Kenneth Claiborne Royall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Allan_Fels=Allan Fels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don_Philippi=Don Philippi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Terrence_O'Donnell=Terrence O'Donnell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frank_D._Celebrezze_I=Frank D. Celebrezze I
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Max_Levchin=Max Levchin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Solway=David Solway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toby_Stephens=Toby Stephens
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Grigg_(astronomer)=John Grigg (astronomer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ivan_Combe=Ivan Combe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gordon_Kahl=Gordon Kahl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Dimbleby=David Dimbleby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_James_Roye=Edward James Roye
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Helena_Rubinstein=Helena Rubinstein
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Ormsby-Gore,_2nd_Baron_Harlech=William Ormsby-Gore, 2nd Baron Harlech
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francis_Ormsby-Gore,_6th_Baron_Harlech=Francis Ormsby-Gore, 6th Baron Harlech
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Sturtevant_Ruder=David Sturtevant Ruder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gert_Rudolph=Gert Rudolph
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Salomon_van_Ruysdael=Salomon van Ruysdael
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Rush=William Rush
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Loret_Miller_Ruppe=Loret Miller Ruppe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Erik_Rupp=George Erik Rupp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hussein_Rushdi_Pasha=Hussein Rushdi Pasha
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Rushworth=John Rushworth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_William_Russell=George William Russell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lillian_Russell=Lillian Russell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Russell_(governor)=William Russell (governor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francisco_Ortiz_Franco=Francisco Ortiz Franco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Hugh_Ryan=James Hugh Ryan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patrick_John_Ryan=Patrick John Ryan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_F._Ryan=Thomas F. Ryan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Fortune_Ryan=Thomas Fortune Ryan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Duncan_Herridge=William Duncan Herridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dominick_Napolitano=Dominick Napolitano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maria_Willson=Maria Willson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Hawtrey_(actor_born_1914)=Charles Hawtrey (actor born 1914)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Douglas_Jung=Douglas Jung
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Timothy_Bottoms=Timothy Bottoms
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sayed_Nabi_Siddiqui=Sayed Nabi Siddiqui
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kassie_DePaiva=Kassie DePaiva
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toshiwo_Doko=Toshiwo Doko
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eva_Robin's=Eva Robin's
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zoe_McLellan=Zoe McLellan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_W._Campbell=George W. Campbell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aubrey_de_Grey=Aubrey de Grey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sean_Young=Sean Young
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daniela_Bianchi=Daniela Bianchi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrea_Evans=Andrea Evans
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yvonne_Craig=Yvonne Craig
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alison_Doody=Alison Doody
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bridget_Moynahan=Bridget Moynahan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Franklin_MacVeagh=Franklin MacVeagh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Voltairine_de_Cleyre=Voltairine de Cleyre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lewis_Wetzel=Lewis Wetzel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dawn_Wells=Dawn Wells
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Billy_Warlock=Billy Warlock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eric_Lerner=Eric Lerner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hans_Christian_von_Baeyer=Hans Christian von Baeyer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luca_Marenzio=Luca Marenzio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicholas_Yonge=Nicholas Yonge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kermit_Roosevelt=Kermit Roosevelt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kermit_Roosevelt,_Jr.=Kermit Roosevelt, Jr.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Talat_Othman=Talat Othman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_James_Webb=George James Webb
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frederick_John_Horniman=Frederick John Horniman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chisa_Yokoyama=Chisa Yokoyama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Annie_Horniman=Annie Horniman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Todd_(architect)=David Todd (architect)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rosenkowitz_sextuplets=Rosenkowitz sextuplets
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dominic_Serres=Dominic Serres
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Mauser=Paul Mauser
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eduard_Spranger=Eduard Spranger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_C._Hall=Michael C. Hall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sara_(artist)=Sara (artist)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marc_Grossman=Marc Grossman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samuel_Wilson=Samuel Wilson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Rea_(politician)=John Rea (politician)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Lyne_Wilson=William Lyne Wilson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paias_Wingti=Paias Wingti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anton_von_Winzor=Anton von Winzor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Justin_Winsor=Justin Winsor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Otto_Winzer=Otto Winzer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Conrad_L._Wirth=Conrad L. Wirth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hermann_Abeken=Hermann Abeken
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilhelm_Ludwig_Abeken=Wilhelm Ludwig Abeken
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Leach_(judge)=John Leach (judge)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sevas_Hanum=Sevas Hanum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Johnston=Edward Johnston
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marais_Viljoen=Marais Viljoen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Wise_(gardener)=Henry Wise (gardener)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Polus=Polus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_A._Wise=Henry A. Wise
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stephen_Samuel_Wise=Stephen Samuel Wise
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nelson_Wolff=Nelson Wolff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Pelham,_8th_Earl_of_Yarborough=Charles Pelham, 8th Earl of Yarborough
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Robinson_(philanthropist)=David Robinson (philanthropist)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caspar_Abel=Caspar Abel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marina_Tsvigun=Marina Tsvigun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacob_Friedrich_von_Abel=Jacob Friedrich von Abel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rustam_Minnikhanov=Rustam Minnikhanov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Frederick_Wood=James Frederick Wood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Renato_Corsetti=Renato Corsetti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Stephens_Wood=John Stephens Wood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Coldwell_Wood=Robert Coldwell Wood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Josef_Abel=Josef Abel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_H._Woodin=William H. Woodin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_David_Woods=George David Woods
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Maynard_Woodworth=John Maynard Woodworth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Emerson_Worcester=Joseph Emerson Worcester
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sviatoslav_II_of_Kiev=Sviatoslav II of Kiev
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hubert_Work=Hubert Work
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Wrathall=John Wrathall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis_Booker_Wright=Louis Booker Wright
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Robert_Wright,_Jr.=Joseph Robert Wright, Jr.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luke_Edward_Wright=Luke Edward Wright
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bob_Wright=Bob Wright
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theodore_Paul_Wright=Theodore Paul Wright
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frank_Nastasi=Frank Nastasi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quincy_Wright=Quincy Wright
http://dbpedia.org/resource/S._S._Van_Dine=S. S. Van Dine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Allan_Mallinson=Allan Mallinson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Wrigley,_Jr.=William Wrigley, Jr.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Cecil_Kennedy_Wyld=Henry Cecil Kennedy Wyld
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jerome_Wurf=Jerome Wurf
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bill_Plante=Bill Plante
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Wyndham=George Wyndham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Wyngaarden=James Wyngaarden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arthur_Wynne=Arthur Wynne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Wynne=Robert Wynne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Rudolf_Wyss=Johann Rudolf Wyss
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Hart_(lyricist)=Charles Hart (lyricist)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kin_Shriner=Kin Shriner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack_Wagner_(actor)=Jack Wagner (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Annie_Keary=Annie Keary
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Judith_Sheindlin=Judith Sheindlin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francesco_Maria_Piave=Francesco Maria Piave
http://dbpedia.org/resource/April_Ashley=April Ashley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bobby_Curtola=Bobby Curtola
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_H._Gray_(Pennsylvania_politician)=William H. Gray (Pennsylvania politician)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sikelgaita=Sikelgaita
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zwentibold=Zwentibold
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wayne_MacVeagh=Wayne MacVeagh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Victor-Maurice,_comte_de_Broglie=Victor-Maurice, comte de Broglie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stephen_Alencastre=Stephen Alencastre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Libert_H._Boeynaems=Libert H. Boeynaems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gulstan_Ropert=Gulstan Ropert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Machiko_Hasegawa=Machiko Hasegawa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Herman_Koeckemann=Herman Koeckemann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gediminas_Vagnorius=Gediminas Vagnorius
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shirley_Verrett=Shirley Verrett
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theodore_Newton_Vail=Theodore Newton Vail
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yoshitoshi_ABe=Yoshitoshi ABe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jasmine_Becket-Griffith=Jasmine Becket-Griffith
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antonio_Pacinotti=Antonio Pacinotti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeremy_Greenstock=Jeremy Greenstock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Salah_Khalaf=Salah Khalaf
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fuad_Shemali=Fuad Shemali
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gazi_Husrev-beg=Gazi Husrev-beg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hannah_Van_Buren=Hannah Van Buren
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Joseph_Van_Depoele=Charles Joseph Van Depoele
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amy_Vanderbilt=Amy Vanderbilt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Spencer_Wells=Thomas Spencer Wells
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tony_Coelho=Tony Coelho
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leila_Arcieri=Leila Arcieri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_E._Bonior=David E. Bonior
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack_MacDonald_(communist)=Jack MacDonald (communist)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Moriarty=William Moriarty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samuel_C._Fessenden=Samuel C. Fessenden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/T._A._D._Fessenden=T. A. D. Fessenden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis_Keller=Louis Keller
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liz_Vassey=Liz Vassey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nathan_Divinsky=Nathan Divinsky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Natasha_Stillwell=Natasha Stillwell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jay_Ingram=Jay Ingram
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sidney_Paget=Sidney Paget
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ogden_L._Mills=Ogden L. Mills
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ogden_Mills=Ogden Mills
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Mitchell_(writer)=James Mitchell (writer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walter_Gross=Walter Gross
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_J._Folger=Charles J. Folger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Janusz_Lewandowski=Janusz Lewandowski
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Julius_Hemphill=Julius Hemphill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Haunani-Kay_Trask=Haunani-Kay Trask
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Petersen=William Petersen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Jefferson_Blythe,_Jr.=William Jefferson Blythe, Jr.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Eads=George Eads
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Ashbrook=Joseph Ashbrook
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shatrughan_Sinha=Shatrughan Sinha
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Glidden=Joseph Glidden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Catfish_Collins=Catfish Collins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yuri_Amano=Yuri Amano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kevin_Federline=Kevin Federline
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walther_von_Dyck=Walther von Dyck
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joan_Robinson=Joan Robinson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tadeusz_Zwiefka=Tadeusz Zwiefka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isabel_Jay=Isabel Jay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Urs_Meier=Urs Meier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Mackey=George Mackey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johnny_Morris=Johnny Morris
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dougal_Haston=Dougal Haston
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arthur_Rudolph=Arthur Rudolph
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ifigeneia_Giannopoulou=Ifigeneia Giannopoulou
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfred_S._Bloomingdale=Alfred S. Bloomingdale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Troy_Stetina=Troy Stetina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fritz_van_Heerden=Fritz van Heerden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vicki_Morgan=Vicki Morgan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albert_von_Keller=Albert von Keller
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chester_Thompson=Chester Thompson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aleksandr_Ulyanov=Aleksandr Ulyanov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ty_Treadway=Ty Treadway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karen_Marsden=Karen Marsden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kendra_Slawinski=Kendra Slawinski
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dudley_Pope=Dudley Pope
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_Clinton_Van_Doren=Carl Clinton Van Doren
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Valery_Afanassiev=Valery Afanassiev
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Van_Druten=John Van Druten
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Cornwallis-West=George Cornwallis-West
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicolai_Gedda=Nicolai Gedda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierre-Laurent_Aimard=Pierre-Laurent Aimard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clara_Louise_Kellogg=Clara Louise Kellogg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mona_Van_Duyn=Mona Van Duyn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jerry_Van_Dyke=Jerry Van Dyke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/J._Salwyn_Schapiro=J. Salwyn Schapiro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zeev_Sternhell=Zeev Sternhell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bart_Sibrel=Bart Sibrel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laura_Prepon=Laura Prepon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Niimi_Nishiki=Niimi Nishiki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrew_Shue=Andrew Shue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doug_Savant=Doug Savant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hamid_Etemad=Hamid Etemad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dirck_van_Baburen=Dirck van Baburen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mihai_Nadin=Mihai Nadin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nissim_of_Gerona=Nissim of Gerona
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vin_Scully=Vin Scully
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Mach=David Mach
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oktavian_Kinsky=Oktavian Kinsky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tawana_Brawley_rape_allegations=Tawana Brawley rape allegations
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clay_Allison=Clay Allison
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anne_Kirkbride=Anne Kirkbride
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_A._Volpe=John A. Volpe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sidney_S._Culbert=Sidney S. Culbert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ken_Jennings=Ken Jennings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kristen_French=Kristen French
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ronald_Hughes=Ronald Hughes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Tripp_(poet)=John Tripp (poet)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Paul_Vann=John Paul Vann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Vansittart,_1st_Baron_Vansittart=Robert Vansittart, 1st Baron Vansittart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kiliaen_van_Rensselaer_(merchant)=Kiliaen van Rensselaer (merchant)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leslie_Mahaffy=Leslie Mahaffy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Anderson_Van_Wyck=Robert Anderson Van Wyck
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matthew_Vassar=Matthew Vassar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vazgen_I=Vazgen I
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harold_H._Velde=Harold H. Velde
http://dbpedia.org/resource/R._Venkataraman=R. Venkataraman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mykhailo_Verbytsky=Mykhailo Verbytsky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christopher_Baldwin=Christopher Baldwin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vittorino_Veronese=Vittorino Veronese
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierre_Vernier=Pierre Vernier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Verity,_Jr.=William Verity, Jr.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maurice_J._Tobin=Maurice J. Tobin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frank_Washington_Very=Frank Washington Very
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shar_Jackson=Shar Jackson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quintus_Aurelius_Symmachus=Quintus Aurelius Symmachus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anousheh_Ansari=Anousheh Ansari
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_Dutov=Alexander Dutov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gerald_Posner=Gerald Posner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trudy_Marshall=Trudy Marshall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christian_Hosoi=Christian Hosoi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Irene_Manning=Irene Manning
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frank_Belknap_Long=Frank Belknap Long
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_R._Swanton=John R. Swanton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Long_(broadcaster)=Richard Long (broadcaster)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sukhi_Turner=Sukhi Turner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Long_(actor)=Richard Long (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Larry_Tesler=Larry Tesler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albert_Henry_Vestal=Albert Henry Vestal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Juan_Bautista_Vicini_Burgos=Juan Bautista Vicini Burgos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orville_James_Victor=Orville James Victor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vasco_Joaquim_Rocha_Vieira=Vasco Joaquim Rocha Vieira
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Freeman_Vilas=William Freeman Vilas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oswald_Garrison_Villard=Oswald Garrison Villard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Vischer_the_Elder=Peter Vischer the Elder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Juan_Osorio=Juan Osorio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jan_Carstenszoon=Jan Carstenszoon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yuli_Vorontsov=Yuli Vorontsov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilfrid_Michael_Voynich=Wilfrid Michael Voynich
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samuel_Livermore=Samuel Livermore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Tilghman_Lloyd=James Tilghman Lloyd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Smith_Bush=James Smith Bush
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Ross_Locke=David Ross Locke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Loeb_III=William Loeb III
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Lyng=Richard Lyng
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Thomas_Lynn=James Thomas Lynn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Edmund_Lyng=Richard Edmund Lyng
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Belva_Ann_Lockwood=Belva Ann Lockwood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Armand_de_Vignerot_du_Plessis=Armand de Vignerot du Plessis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_John_Eyre=Edward John Eyre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ion_Mihai_Pacepa=Ion Mihai Pacepa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Levin_August,_Count_von_Bennigsen=Levin August, Count von Bennigsen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Church_(general)=Richard Church (general)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andreas_Vokos_Miaoulis=Andreas Vokos Miaoulis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gary_Barlow=Gary Barlow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jane_Herbert_Wilkinson_Long=Jane Herbert Wilkinson Long
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Harvey_Logan=James Harvey Logan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Constantine_Ypsilantis=Constantine Ypsilantis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luigi_Longo=Luigi Longo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cassius_Longinus_(philosopher)=Cassius Longinus (philosopher)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guillaume_de_Lorris=Guillaume de Lorris
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Winston_Lord=Winston Lord
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hugh_Kelly_(poet)=Hugh Kelly (poet)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Fejer=George Fejer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nick_Duncombe=Nick Duncombe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francisco_Lopes=Francisco Lopes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frederick_Lonsdale=Frederick Lonsdale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meche_Marchand=Meche Marchand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samuel_Lover=Samuel Lover
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frederick_Low=Frederick Low
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bertrand_R._Brinley=Bertrand R. Brinley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bert_Kalmar=Bert Kalmar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stasys_Lozoraitis=Stasys Lozoraitis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abaaq_al-Khwarazmi=Abaaq al-Khwarazmi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_S._Newman=William S. Newman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aq_Sunqur_al-Hajib=Aq Sunqur al-Hajib
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tutush_I=Tutush I
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Denis_Jean_Achille_Luchaire=Denis Jean Achille Luchaire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gerrit_Dou=Gerrit Dou
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Zabka=William Zabka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manuel_Lujan,_Jr.=Manuel Lujan, Jr.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Ferrers,_2nd_Baron_Ferrers_of_Wem=Robert Ferrers, 2nd Baron Ferrers of Wem
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Duqaq=Duqaq
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adam_Baldwin=Adam Baldwin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toby_Riddle=Toby Riddle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fakhr_al-Mulk_Radwan=Fakhr al-Mulk Radwan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ross_Bagdasarian,_Sr.=Ross Bagdasarian, Sr.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/J._Anthony_Lukas=J. Anthony Lukas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Calixto_Bieito=Calixto Bieito
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hans_Magnus_Enzensberger=Hans Magnus Enzensberger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack_Hargreaves=Jack Hargreaves
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rudolph_Boysen=Rudolph Boysen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Domenico_di_Michelino=Domenico di Michelino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henrik_Lund=Henrik Lund
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gavin_Lyall=Gavin Lyall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joan_Coromines=Joan Coromines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Desmond_Skirrow=Desmond Skirrow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexei_Lvov=Alexei Lvov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georgy_Lvov=Georgy Lvov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Staughton_Lynd=Robert Staughton Lynd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Helen_Lynd=Helen Lynd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francis_Greenway=Francis Greenway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frederick_Oakeley=Frederick Oakeley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tanya_Roberts=Tanya Roberts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francis_Christopher_Oakley=Francis Christopher Oakley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Oastler=Richard Oastler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gyo_Obata=Gyo Obata
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Joseph_Harrington_O'Brien=Edward Joseph Harrington O'Brien
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eugenio_de_Ochoa=Eugenio de Ochoa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Davenport=Paul Davenport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Max_Rosenberg=Max Rosenberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Baynham=Peter Baynham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chaim_Joseph_David_Azulai=Chaim Joseph David Azulai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/T._P._O'Connor=T. P. O'Connor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francis_de_Groot=Francis de Groot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lee_Hall_(playwright)=Lee Hall (playwright)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dan_Senor=Dan Senor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Pelham-Clinton,_5th_Duke_of_Newcastle=Henry Pelham-Clinton, 5th Duke of Newcastle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ashley_Bashioum=Ashley Bashioum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Justin_Torkildsen=Justin Torkildsen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jessica_Morris=Jessica Morris
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Fumero=David Fumero
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nathaniel_Marston=Nathaniel Marston
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Bowie_Owens=Robert Bowie Owens
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Buckland_Wright=John Buckland Wright
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laurance_M._Hyde=Laurance M. Hyde
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ira_B._Hyde=Ira B. Hyde
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joe_Slovo=Joe Slovo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samuel_C._Hyde=Samuel C. Hyde
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DeWitt_Hyde=DeWitt Hyde
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rob_Hubbard=Rob Hubbard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Josef_Matthias_Hauer=Josef Matthias Hauer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gerard_Butler=Gerard Butler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Derek_Bok=Derek Bok
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samir_Geagea=Samir Geagea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gigi_Edgley=Gigi Edgley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marco_Bechis=Marco Bechis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ira_Magaziner=Ira Magaziner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chelsea_Noble=Chelsea Noble
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Golding_(British_politician)=John Golding (British politician)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sheila_Gordon=Sheila Gordon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Wells_(rugby_union)=John Wells (rugby union)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Otto_Hofmann=Otto Hofmann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Max_Joseph_Oertel=Max Joseph Oertel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adam_Friedrich_Oeser=Adam Friedrich Oeser
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heinrich_Friedrich_Otto_Abel=Heinrich Friedrich Otto Abel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giancarlo_Peris=Giancarlo Peris
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cyril_Connolly=Cyril Connolly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aaron_Lufkin_Dennison=Aaron Lufkin Dennison
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Wells_(satirist)=John Wells (satirist)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anne_Stallybrass=Anne Stallybrass
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_B._Ogilvie=Richard B. Ogilvie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Webb_C._Ball=Webb C. Ball
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_J._Oglesby=Richard J. Oglesby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norio_Ohga=Norio Ohga
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mahmud_II_of_Great_Seljuq=Mahmud II of Great Seljuq
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_Antoine_Ernest_Constans=Jean Antoine Ernest Constans
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis_Charles_Delescluze=Louis Charles Delescluze
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stijn_Streuvels=Stijn Streuvels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carol_Lin=Carol Lin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Yorke,_5th_Earl_of_Hardwicke=Charles Yorke, 5th Earl of Hardwicke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johannes_Birringer=Johannes Birringer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andy_Bausch=Andy Bausch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elizabeth_Odio_Benito=Elizabeth Odio Benito
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jillian_Barberie=Jillian Barberie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maria_Jolas=Maria Jolas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nikolai_Rysakov=Nikolai Rysakov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ralph_Neas=Ralph Neas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lara_Dutta=Lara Dutta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A._A._MacLeod=A. A. MacLeod
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Park_(actor)=Michael Park (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maura_West=Maura West
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kathryn_Hays=Kathryn Hays
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Timofey_Mikhaylov=Timofey Mikhaylov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Simpson_(politician)=James Simpson (politician)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marshall_Brown=Marshall Brown
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rahul_Mahajan_(blogger)=Rahul Mahajan (blogger)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Katsuo_Okazaki=Katsuo Okazaki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alonso_de_Ojeda=Alonso de Ojeda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seumas_O'Kelly=Seumas O'Kelly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Meltzer=Richard Meltzer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Allan_Oldfield=William Allan Oldfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chancellor_Olcott=Chancellor Olcott
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Oldham=Richard Oldham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maurice_Oldfield=Maurice Oldfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caspar_Olevian=Caspar Olevian
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Ambrose_Oliver=Paul Ambrose Oliver
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heinrich_Gottfried_Ollendorff=Heinrich Gottfried Ollendorff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manning_O'Brine=Manning O'Brine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Culbert_Olson=Culbert Olson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jan_Olszewski=Jan Olszewski
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bailey_Olter=Bailey Olter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacob_Nena=Jacob Nena
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Telma_Hopkins=Telma Hopkins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_G._Comba=Paul G. Comba
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Duncan_O'Neal=Charles Duncan O'Neal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Broughton=John Broughton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lutz_D._Schmadel=Lutz D. Schmadel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roy_A._Tucker=Roy A. Tucker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patti_Davis=Patti Davis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Takeshi_Urata=Takeshi Urata
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_R._Opel=John R. Opel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cornelis_Willem_Opzoomer=Cornelis Willem Opzoomer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tsuneo_Niijima=Tsuneo Niijima
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elizabeth_Whitlock=Elizabeth Whitlock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alberto_Oreamuno_Flores=Alberto Oreamuno Flores
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adelaide_Kemble=Adelaide Kemble
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alejandro_Orfila=Alejandro Orfila
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfredo_Oriani=Alfredo Oriani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manuel_Oribe=Manuel Oribe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Conal_Holmes_O'Connell_O'Riordan=Conal Holmes O'Connell O'Riordan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toshiro_Nomura=Toshiro Nomura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aleksandr_Mikhailovich_Orlov=Aleksandr Mikhailovich Orlov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patriarch_Heraclius_of_Jerusalem=Patriarch Heraclius of Jerusalem
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Satoru_Otomo=Satoru Otomo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atsushi_Sugie=Atsushi Sugie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shigeru_Inoda=Shigeru Inoda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amanda_Blake=Amanda Blake
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nancy_Lee_Grahn=Nancy Lee Grahn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Victor_Canning=Victor Canning
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yoshisada_Shimizu=Yoshisada Shimizu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seiji_Ueda=Seiji Ueda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hiroshi_Kaneda=Hiroshi Kaneda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Makio_Akiyama=Makio Akiyama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toshimasa_Furuta=Toshimasa Furuta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tomimaru_Okuni=Tomimaru Okuni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A._C._Benson=A. C. Benson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tetsuo_Kagawa=Tetsuo Kagawa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yoshio_Kushida=Yoshio Kushida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emil_Osann=Emil Osann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Osamu_Muramatsu=Osamu Muramatsu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harold_Osborn=Harold Osborn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frances_Sargent_Osgood=Frances Sargent Osgood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samuel_Osgood=Samuel Osgood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Akimasa_Nakamura=Akimasa Nakamura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pinball_Clemons=Pinball Clemons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nobuhisa_Kojima=Nobuhisa Kojima
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rain_Phoenix=Rain Phoenix
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alan_Shorter=Alan Shorter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nobuhiro_Kawasato=Nobuhiro Kawasato
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yoshiaki_Banno=Yoshiaki Banno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ivar_Haglund=Ivar Haglund
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Naoto_Sato=Naoto Sato
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mitsuo_Matayoshi=Mitsuo Matayoshi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beate_Sturm=Beate Sturm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yash_Johar=Yash Johar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yoshiaki_Oshima=Yoshiaki Oshima
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yoshikane_Mizuno=Yoshikane Mizuno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frankie_Burke=Frankie Burke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hal_Haig_Prieste=Hal Haig Prieste
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edwin_Emmanuel_Bradford=Edwin Emmanuel Bradford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rachel_McAdams=Rachel McAdams
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paulo_R._Holvorcem=Paulo R. Holvorcem
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Petr_Pravec=Petr Pravec
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_W._Juels=Charles W. Juels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrea_Boattini=Andrea Boattini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maura_Tombelli=Maura Tombelli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ulisse_Munari=Ulisse Munari
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luciano_Tesi=Luciano Tesi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dennis_di_Cicco=Dennis di Cicco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_E._Holt=Henry E. Holt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Kwong_Yu_Yeung=William Kwong Yu Yeung
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_H._McNaught=Robert H. McNaught
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frank_B._Zoltowski=Frank B. Zoltowski
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stefano_Sposetti=Stefano Sposetti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vincenzo_Silvano_Casulli=Vincenzo Silvano Casulli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bruce_Millan=Bruce Millan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Armand_Louis_de_Gontaut=Armand Louis de Gontaut
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gary_Hug=Gary Hug
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alaa_Hussein_Ali=Alaa Hussein Ali
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rafael_Pacheco=Rafael Pacheco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Auto_Shankar=Auto Shankar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wolf_Bickel=Wolf Bickel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Timothy_B._Spahr=Timothy B. Spahr
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Omi_Minami=Omi Minami
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vittorio_Goretti=Vittorio Goretti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierre_Antonini=Pierre Antonini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Piero_Sicoli=Piero Sicoli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giuseppe_Forti=Giuseppe Forti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jaume_Nomen=Jaume Nomen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stephen_P._Laurie=Stephen P. Laurie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/C._M._Olmstead=C. M. Olmstead
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marc_W._Buie=Marc W. Buie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antonio_Vagnozzi=Antonio Vagnozzi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marek_Wolf=Marek Wolf
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francesco_Manca=Francesco Manca
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carrie_Nuttall=Carrie Nuttall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Linderholm=Robert Linderholm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Kirchner=James Kirchner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Donald_Broadbent=Donald Broadbent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alan_C._Gilmore=Alan C. Gilmore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pamela_M._Kilmartin=Pamela M. Kilmartin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kenneth_J._Lawrence=Kenneth J. Lawrence
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_V._McClusky=John V. McClusky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baden_Powell_de_Aquino=Baden Powell de Aquino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Takuo_Kojima=Takuo Kojima
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Masayuki_Yanai=Masayuki Yanai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joshua_Sobol=Joshua Sobol
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kayne_Taylor=Kayne Taylor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Masayuki_Iwamoto=Masayuki Iwamoto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sigurd_Abel=Sigurd Abel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Masaru_Mukai=Masaru Mukai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stephen_Singer-Brewster=Stephen Singer-Brewster
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Masaru_Arai=Masaru Arai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeronimo_de_la_Ossa=Jeronimo de la Ossa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ion_Nonna_Otescu=Ion Nonna Otescu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walter_R._Cooney,_Jr.=Walter R. Cooney, Jr.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Graham_E._Bell=Graham E. Bell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Wilton=Joseph Wilton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Todor_Kolev_(actor)=Todor Kolev (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Milan_Antal=Milan Antal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karl_Augustesen=Karl Augustesen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christoph_Ignaz_Abele=Christoph Ignaz Abele
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brian_P._Roman=Brian P. Roman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeff_T._Alu=Jeff T. Alu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benjamin_Pond=Benjamin Pond
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matthias_Abele=Matthias Abele
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friedrich_Graf_von_Wrangel=Friedrich Graf von Wrangel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Martin_Abele=Johann Martin Abele
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierre_Dupont=Pierre Dupont
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Olivier_van_Noort=Olivier van Noort
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jim_Gettys=Jim Gettys
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keith_Packard=Keith Packard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steven_Runciman=Steven Runciman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kemistry=Kemistry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Madin=John Madin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chuck_Baldwin=Chuck Baldwin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Herbert_Titus=Herbert Titus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albion_W._Knight,_Jr.=Albion W. Knight, Jr.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friedrich_Adolf,_Count_von_Kalckreuth=Friedrich Adolf, Count von Kalckreuth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Curtis_Frazier=Curtis Frazier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amandus_Augustus_Abendroth=Amandus Augustus Abendroth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Niclas,_Graf_von_Abensberg=Niclas, Graf von Abensberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adriaen_van_Ostade=Adriaen van Ostade
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Ludwig_Aberli=Johann Ludwig Aberli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joachim_Aberlin=Joachim Aberlin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Lipton=Thomas Lipton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roger_Taillibert=Roger Taillibert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ottavio_Piccolomini=Ottavio Piccolomini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johannes_Abezier=Johannes Abezier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abner_Louima=Abner Louima
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Suzan-Lori_Parks=Suzan-Lori Parks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Russell_Owen=Russell Owen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hugh_Owen_(educator)=Hugh Owen (educator)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hipponicus_III=Hipponicus III
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eurymedon_(strategos)=Eurymedon (strategos)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Helen_Wardlaw=Helen Wardlaw
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Earle_Ovington=Earle Ovington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Naomi_Wallace=Naomi Wallace
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gareth_Evans_(philosopher)=Gareth Evans (philosopher)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_L._Mee=Charles L. Mee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Otto_Ferdinand_von_Abensberg_und_Traun=Otto Ferdinand von Abensberg und Traun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mahamane_Ousmane=Mahamane Ousmane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christopher_O'Riley=Christopher O'Riley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edgar_Wilson_Nye=Edgar Wilson Nye
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wallace_Nutting=Wallace Nutting
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friedrich_Heinrich_von_Seckendorff=Friedrich Heinrich von Seckendorff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tim_Liardet=Tim Liardet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Helen_Dunmore=Helen Dunmore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jane_Draycott=Jane Draycott
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gennadius_of_Massilia=Gennadius of Massilia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Fenton=George Fenton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pascale_Petit=Pascale Petit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ron_Kuby=Ron Kuby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philip_Gross=Philip Gross
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Thauberger=Joseph Thauberger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maude_Nugent=Maude Nugent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mahmoud_an-Nukrashi_Pasha=Mahmoud an-Nukrashi Pasha
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Humphrey_Noyes=John Humphrey Noyes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Magnus_Stenbock=Magnus Stenbock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norman_Cohn=Norman Cohn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Novatian=Novatian
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michele_Novaro=Michele Novaro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edwin_Griswold_Nourse=Edwin Griswold Nourse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Francis_Edward_Keith=James Francis Edward Keith
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Buchan=Peter Buchan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gustav_Noske=Gustav Noske
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack_Northrop=Jack Northrop
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Norton=Thomas Norton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bio_(graffiti_artist)=Bio (graffiti artist)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Norris_(etcher)=Charles Norris (etcher)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Gilman_Norris=Charles Gilman Norris
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_W._Norris=George W. Norris
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Willoughby_Norrie,_1st_Baron_Norrie=Willoughby Norrie, 1st Baron Norrie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lester_Petrie=Lester Petrie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Calvin_Mooers=Calvin Mooers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kreskin=Kreskin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hiromi_Tsuru=Hiromi Tsuru
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Francisco=Peter Francisco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Murray_(minister)=John Murray (minister)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack_Barnes=Jack Barnes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alex_Deakin=Alex Deakin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Howard_Johnson_(jazz_musician)=Howard Johnson (jazz musician)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Howard_E._Johnson=Howard E. Johnson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karl_Jenkins=Karl Jenkins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Lawes=William Lawes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rikard_Nordraak=Rikard Nordraak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ray_Noorda=Ray Noorda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dean_Macey=Dean Macey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_John_Noble=Edward John Noble
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Willock_Noble=John Willock Noble
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Umberto_Nobile=Umberto Nobile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Milton_Niles=John Milton Niles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Birgit_Nilsson=Birgit Nilsson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frederic_Weatherly=Frederic Weatherly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Al-Nabigha=Al-Nabigha
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Franz_Nachbaur=Franz Nachbaur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angela_Mason=Angela Mason
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Constance_Naden=Constance Naden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ben_Summerskill=Ben Summerskill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mincho_Neychev=Mincho Neychev
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Lehmann=John Lehmann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Israel_ben_Moses_Najara=Israel ben Moses Najara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Julian_Nally=Edward Julian Nally
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lewis_Bernstein_Namier=Lewis Bernstein Namier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sir_Frederick_Pollock,_3rd_Baronet=Sir Frederick Pollock, 3rd Baronet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francis_Napier,_10th_Lord_Napier=Francis Napier, 10th Lord Napier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henri_Namphy=Henri Namphy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Horowitz=Paul Horowitz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Muhammad_Tawfiq_Nasim_Pasha=Muhammad Tawfiq Nasim Pasha
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Jean_Nathan=George Jean Nathan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aaron_Jay_Kernis=Aaron Jay Kernis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matthew_Nathan=Matthew Nathan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Huston_Natcher=William Huston Natcher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Nathan=George Nathan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tonie_Nathan=Tonie Nathan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfred_Gabriel_Nathorst=Alfred Gabriel Nathorst
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boris_Morozov=Boris Morozov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maurice_Benard=Maurice Benard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benjamin_Nelson=Benjamin Nelson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eric_Nelson_(musician)=Eric Nelson (musician)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Nelson_(lawyer)=John Nelson (lawyer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harriet_Nelson=Harriet Nelson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Larry_O'Brien=Larry O'Brien
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nick_Lachey=Nick Lachey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maurice_Stans=Maurice Stans
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sears_Cook_Walker=Sears Cook Walker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dalal_Mughrabi=Dalal Mughrabi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_DeVillers=Paul DeVillers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Relly=James Relly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nkosi_Johnson=Nkosi Johnson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Darrell_Russell_(dragster_driver)=Darrell Russell (dragster driver)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alyssa_Milano=Alyssa Milano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Nott-Bower=John Nott-Bower
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacques_Claude_Beugnot=Jacques Claude Beugnot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_Chiu=Tom Chiu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francis_Salvador=Francis Salvador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Salvador=Joseph Salvador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martin_van_Butchell=Martin van Butchell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Henry_Pullen=James Henry Pullen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marcus_Harvey=Marcus Harvey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kim_Peek=Kim Peek
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jonathan_Lerman=Jonathan Lerman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chris_Torrance=Chris Torrance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alonzo_Clemons=Alonzo Clemons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Derek_Paravicini=Derek Paravicini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thristan_Mendoza=Thristan Mendoza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Annette_Ferguson=Annette Ferguson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tony_DeBlois=Tony DeBlois
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Georg_Abicht=Johann Georg Abicht
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Heinrich_Abicht=Johann Heinrich Abicht
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tuone_Udaina=Tuone Udaina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maximilian_von_Montgelas=Maximilian von Montgelas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Barnard=John Barnard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Herman_Goldstine=Herman Goldstine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lim_Kit_Siang=Lim Kit Siang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abraham_Abramson=Abraham Abramson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Russ_Tamblyn=Russ Tamblyn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Duncan_McDuffie=Duncan McDuffie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Summer_Glau=Summer Glau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jim_Jordan_(political_consultant)=Jim Jordan (political consultant)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friedrich_Ludwig_Abresch=Friedrich Ludwig Abresch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ed_O'Neill=Ed O'Neill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rula_Lenska=Rula Lenska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elize_du_Toit=Elize du Toit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maureen_Teefy=Maureen Teefy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Christian_Josef_Abs=Johann Christian Josef Abs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lesley-Anne_Down=Lesley-Anne Down
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fernando_Lunar=Fernando Lunar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alois_Carigiet=Alois Carigiet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carrie_Chapman_Catt=Carrie Chapman Catt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harry_Stewart_New=Harry Stewart New
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Theodore_Newell=Edward Theodore Newell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Truman_Handy_Newberry=Truman Handy Newberry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cyril_Newall,_1st_Baron_Newall=Cyril Newall, 1st Baron Newall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dani_Behr=Dani Behr
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samuel_Newhouse=Samuel Newhouse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Behnes=William Behnes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samuel_Irving_Newhouse,_Sr.=Samuel Irving Newhouse, Sr.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stella_Gonet=Stella Gonet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilson_Cary_Nicholas=Wilson Cary Nicholas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Malcolm_Nichols=Malcolm Nichols
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_George_Nicolay=John George Nicolay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_Nicolet=Jean Nicolet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacqueline_Toxopeus=Jacqueline Toxopeus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Guglielmo_Niederland=William Guglielmo Niederland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jaime_King=Jaime King
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arthur_Nielsen=Arthur Nielsen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Helen_Plimmer=Helen Plimmer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Julian_Ursyn_Niemcewicz=Julian Ursyn Niemcewicz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christophe_Plantin=Christophe Plantin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_Lodygin=Alexander Lodygin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Blake,_Baron_Blake=Robert Blake, Baron Blake
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Jackson_(politician)=Robert Jackson (politician)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Jackson_(scientist)=Robert Jackson (scientist)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giulietta_Simionato=Giulietta Simionato
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michel_Chartrand=Michel Chartrand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ben_Travers=Ben Travers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Plenty_Coups=Plenty Coups
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maria_von_Trapp=Maria von Trapp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Galo_Plaza=Galo Plaza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Henry_Finlay=William Henry Finlay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maximilian_Ulysses_Browne=Maximilian Ulysses Browne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_F._I._Forbes=Alexander F. I. Forbes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Konstantin_Pobedonostsev=Konstantin Pobedonostsev
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maurice_Podoloff=Maurice Podoloff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ernest_Leonard_Johnson=Ernest Leonard Johnson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DuBose_Heyward=DuBose Heyward
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis_Poinsot=Louis Poinsot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harold_Arthur_Poling=Harold Arthur Poling
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Poliziano=Poliziano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrei_Zhelyabov=Andrei Zhelyabov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grace_Bumbry=Grace Bumbry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albert_George_Wilson=Albert George Wilson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maureen_O'Connor=Maureen O'Connor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rosa_Ponselle=Rosa Ponselle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lily_Pons=Lily Pons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ernest_Poole=Ernest Poole
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friedrich_Reinhold_Kreutzwald=Friedrich Reinhold Kreutzwald
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Pope-Hennessy=John Pope-Hennessy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theodore_M._Pomeroy=Theodore M. Pomeroy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rend_al-Rahim_Francke=Rend al-Rahim Francke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_Otto_Lampland=Carl Otto Lampland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Porter_(musician)=John Porter (musician)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Madison_Porter=James Madison Porter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orlando_Reeves=Orlando Reeves
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Buell_Porter=Peter Buell Porter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Denis_Kearney=Denis Kearney
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_J._Walker=Robert J. Walker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hendrik_Potgieter=Hendrik Potgieter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Johannes_Potgieter=Peter Johannes Potgieter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oskar_Potiorek=Oskar Potiorek
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pavel_Tchelitchew=Pavel Tchelitchew
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Palmer_Putnam=George Palmer Putnam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bill_Siksay=Bill Siksay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_P._Putnam=George P. Putnam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Melvin_Purvis=Melvin Purvis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lewis_Burwell_Puller,_Jr.=Lewis Burwell Puller, Jr.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Pulitzer,_Jr.=Joseph Pulitzer, Jr.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Imad-ad-Dean_Ahmad=Imad-ad-Dean Ahmad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boris_Pugo=Boris Pugo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liam_Byrne=Liam Byrne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ptolemy_Eupator=Ptolemy Eupator
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Spelman=Henry Spelman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rafael_Altamira_y_Crevea=Rafael Altamira y Crevea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Werner_Emmanuel_Bachmann=Werner Emmanuel Bachmann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Una_Merkel=Una Merkel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wassily_de_Basil=Wassily de Basil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arna_Bontemps=Arna Bontemps
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stephen_Bonsal=Stephen Bonsal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edwin_Borchard=Edwin Borchard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_H._Bryden=John H. Bryden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mady_Christians=Mady Christians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Alden_Carpenter=John Alden Carpenter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anne_Revere=Anne Revere
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_John_Cody=Henry John Cody
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dave_Allen_(comedian)=Dave Allen (comedian)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gerald_Holton=Gerald Holton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Benedict_Driscoll=Charles Benedict Driscoll
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dorothy_Dix=Dorothy Dix
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_D._Swift=Edward D. Swift
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lincoln_Ellsworth=Lincoln Ellsworth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carsten_Peter_Thiede=Carsten Peter Thiede
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_G._Sargent=John G. Sargent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Janet_Ayer_Fairbank=Janet Ayer Fairbank
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dudley_Fisher=Dudley Fisher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ralph_Forbes=Ralph Forbes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Florian_Biesik=Florian Biesik
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Delaunay=Charles Delaunay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_C._Menninger=William C. Menninger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alphonse_Joseph_Georges=Alphonse Joseph Georges
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edwin_Leland_James=Edwin Leland James
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis_Jouvet=Louis Jouvet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Keck=Charles Keck
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stanley_King=Stanley King
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jane_Darwell=Jane Darwell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alvanley_Johnston=Alvanley Johnston
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_P._Knapp=Joseph P. Knapp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fred_Jewell=Fred Jewell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dallas_B._Phemister=Dallas B. Phemister
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Neal_Reynolds=William Neal Reynolds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samuel_D._Riddle=Samuel D. Riddle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harold_Ross=Harold Ross
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ernest_M._Stires=Ernest M. Stires
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ashton_Stevens=Ashton Stevens
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jo_Van_Fleet=Jo Van Fleet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jan_Valtin=Jan Valtin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Egbert_Van_Alstyne=Egbert Van Alstyne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walter_Krivitsky=Walter Krivitsky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Henry_Wright=William Henry Wright
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miyoshi_Umeki=Miyoshi Umeki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albert_H._Woods=Albert H. Woods
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Earl_C._Slipher=Earl C. Slipher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Janet_Cooke=Janet Cooke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christian_August_Friedrich_Peters=Christian August Friedrich Peters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roger_Tayler=Roger Tayler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ceraunus=Ceraunus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mike_Douglas=Mike Douglas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barbara_Amiel=Barbara Amiel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paavo_Ruotsalainen=Paavo Ruotsalainen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierre_Frogier=Pierre Frogier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Humphrey_Jennings=Humphrey Jennings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Winfield_Dunn=Winfield Dunn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Daniels_(countertenor)=David Daniels (countertenor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sandy_Dennis=Sandy Dennis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ted_Strickland=Ted Strickland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mark_Serwotka=Mark Serwotka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diane_Cilento=Diane Cilento
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aryanandi=Aryanandi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_Pollard=Carl Pollard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Boehner=John Boehner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mel_Sheppard=Mel Sheppard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ptolemy_Keraunos=Ptolemy Keraunos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lindsey_German=Lindsey German
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yvonne_Ridley=Yvonne Ridley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Noble_Huston=Noble Huston
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Kirk_(artist)=Thomas Kirk (artist)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Regimantas_Adomaitis=Regimantas Adomaitis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nona_Gaprindashvili=Nona Gaprindashvili
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gary_Masyk=Gary Masyk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norman_St_John-Stevas,_Baron_St_John_of_Fawsley=Norman St John-Stevas, Baron St John of Fawsley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bertrand_du_Guesclin=Bertrand du Guesclin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barry_Horne=Barry Horne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gus_Macdonald=Gus Macdonald
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pedro_Sarmiento_de_Gamboa=Pedro Sarmiento de Gamboa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roger_Freeman,_Baron_Freeman=Roger Freeman, Baron Freeman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Godfrey_(inventor)=Thomas Godfrey (inventor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mansukh_C._Wani=Mansukh C. Wani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arie_de_Jong=Arie de Jong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ai_Orikasa=Ai Orikasa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Simon_Grundel-Helmfelt=Simon Grundel-Helmfelt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_C._Sawyer=Thomas C. Sawyer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marv_Newland=Marv Newland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Egberto_Gismonti=Egberto Gismonti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sanford_Meisner=Sanford Meisner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Conrad_Vernon=Conrad Vernon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walter_F._Dillingham=Walter F. Dillingham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_J._Kaiser=Henry J. Kaiser
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Billie_Sol_Estes=Billie Sol Estes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rudolph_Grey=Rudolph Grey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karl_Sims=Karl Sims
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walter_Schwimmer=Walter Schwimmer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ziying=Ziying
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Westall=Richard Westall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kristiina_Ojuland=Kristiina Ojuland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cyd_Charisse=Cyd Charisse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trisha_Goddard=Trisha Goddard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gabriel,_comte_de_Montgomery=Gabriel, comte de Montgomery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lawrence_H._Aller=Lawrence H. Aller
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michelle_Horn=Michelle Horn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Teryl_Rothery=Teryl Rothery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ryan_Drummond=Ryan Drummond
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shamari_Buchanan=Shamari Buchanan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Estelle_Parsons=Estelle Parsons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daniel_Lentz=Daniel Lentz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Erskine_Scott_Wood=Charles Erskine Scott Wood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Howard_R._Hughes,_Sr.=Howard R. Hughes, Sr.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_Guichard=Jean Guichard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lee_Grant=Lee Grant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walter_Forward=Walter Forward
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stephanie_of_Milly=Stephanie of Milly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maureen_Stapleton=Maureen Stapleton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mercedes_Ruehl=Mercedes Ruehl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Showtaro_Morikubo=Showtaro Morikubo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gail_Edwards=Gail Edwards
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Schildkraut=Joseph Schildkraut
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bernhard_Knipperdolling=Bernhard Knipperdolling
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barrie_Unsworth=Barrie Unsworth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Mitchell_(actor)=Thomas Mitchell (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Herbert_Muschamp=Herbert Muschamp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Larisa_Oleynik=Larisa Oleynik
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nik_Cohn=Nik Cohn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roberto_Prats=Roberto Prats
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Herman_Zanstra=Herman Zanstra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michel_Fourniret=Michel Fourniret
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Wigglesworth=Michael Wigglesworth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paulias_Matane=Paulias Matane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Byrne_(chess_player)=Robert Byrne (chess player)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Whitbread_Lee_Glaisher=James Whitbread Lee Glaisher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ronaldo_da_Costa=Ronaldo da Costa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Dimbleby=Richard Dimbleby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karl_Polanyi=Karl Polanyi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Douglas_Lowe_(athlete)=Douglas Lowe (athlete)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hiram_Powers=Hiram Powers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dmitry_Pozharsky=Dmitry Pozharsky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manuel_Prado_Ugarteche=Manuel Prado Ugarteche
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Simon_Day=Simon Day
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arabella_Weir=Arabella Weir
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pratapa_Simha=Pratapa Simha
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Preble=Edward Preble
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patrick_Prendergast_(academic)=Patrick Prendergast (academic)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edmond_Francis_Prendergast=Edmond Francis Prendergast
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samuel_Prescott=Samuel Prescott
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Ivor_Linton=Joseph Ivor Linton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jackie_Presser=Jackie Presser
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Patton_Preston=James Patton Preston
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elisabeth_Rethberg=Elisabeth Rethberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Larry_Pressler=Larry Pressler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Katherine_Moennig=Katherine Moennig
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lewis_Thompson_Preston=Lewis Thompson Preston
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Irving_Price=Irving Price
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hugh_Bernard_Price=Hugh Bernard Price
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Price_(chemist)=James Price (chemist)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_May_(judge)=Richard May (judge)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Percy_Priest=Percy Priest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anne_Sofie_von_Otter=Anne Sofie von Otter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francesco_Primaticcio=Francesco Primaticcio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prithvi_of_Nepal=Prithvi of Nepal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Procter_(candlemaker)=William Procter (candlemaker)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Cooper_Procter=William Cooper Procter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fernando_Rosas=Fernando Rosas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vladimir_Fyodorovich_Promyslov=Vladimir Fyodorovich Promyslov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Propertius=Propertius
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierre-Paul_Prud'hon=Pierre-Paul Prud'hon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hall_J._Kelley=Hall J. Kelley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tetsuko_Kuroyanagi=Tetsuko Kuroyanagi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_French_Anderson=William French Anderson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nikola_Resanovic=Nikola Resanovic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Anderson=Joseph Anderson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Loni_Anderson=Loni Anderson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_B._Anderson=Robert B. Anderson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gelek_Rimpoche=Gelek Rimpoche
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arthur_Corbett,_3rd_Baron_Rowallan=Arthur Corbett, 3rd Baron Rowallan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gilles_Andriamahazo=Gilles Andriamahazo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrey_II_of_Vladimir=Andrey II of Vladimir
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrey_of_Gorodets=Andrey of Gorodets
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Andrew_(priest)=John Andrew (priest)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miranda_Silvergren=Miranda Silvergren
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giulio_Andreotti=Giulio Andreotti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harry_Andrews=Harry Andrews
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Arthur_Ankrah=Joseph Arthur Ankrah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_J._Tholen=David J. Tholen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anton_Florian,_Prince_of_Liechtenstein=Anton Florian, Prince of Liechtenstein
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_von_Appel=Johann von Appel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leonard_Covington=Leonard Covington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Timbuktu_(musician)=Timbuktu (musician)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fyodor_Apraksin=Fyodor Apraksin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matsuo_Sugano=Matsuo Sugano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sadao_Sei=Sadao Sei
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Okuro_Oikawa=Okuro Oikawa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shashi_Tharoor=Shashi Tharoor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kazuo_Kubokawa=Kazuo Kubokawa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eugene_Aram=Eugene Aram
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Arden-Clarke=Charles Arden-Clarke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Minoru_Kizawa=Minoru Kizawa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leslie_C._Arends=Leslie C. Arends
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giulio_Carlo_Argan=Giulio Carlo Argan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aristarchus_of_Samothrace=Aristarchus of Samothrace
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samuel_Argall=Samuel Argall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aristophanes_of_Byzantium=Aristophanes of Byzantium
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reiki_Kushida=Reiki Kushida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Arlen=Michael Arlen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lorena_Herrera=Lorena Herrera
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shun-ei_Izumikawa=Shun-ei Izumikawa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Thrasher=John Thrasher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seidai_Miyasaka=Seidai Miyasaka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fumiaki_Uto=Fumiaki Uto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reubin_Askew=Reubin Askew
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aziz_Nesin=Aziz Nesin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Atkinson_(soldier)=Henry Atkinson (soldier)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wallace_Walter_Atwood=Wallace Walter Atwood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kiyotaka_Kanai=Kiyotaka Kanai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kristijonas_Donelaitis=Kristijonas Donelaitis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Clay_Dean=Henry Clay Dean
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Cialdini=Robert Cialdini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toru_Kobayashi=Toru Kobayashi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jessica_Hahn=Jessica Hahn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Guthrie_(Kentucky)=James Guthrie (Kentucky)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kuini_Liliha=Kuini Liliha
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abraham_Leon=Abraham Leon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Wartenberg=Robert Wartenberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toshihiko_Seki=Toshihiko Seki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cassandra_Peterson=Cassandra Peterson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilford_Brimley=Wilford Brimley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Bopp=Thomas Bopp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alan_Hale_(astronomer)=Alan Hale (astronomer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Ransohoff=Joseph Ransohoff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emanuel_Ninger=Emanuel Ninger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brian_Dunkleman=Brian Dunkleman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rana_Hussein=Rana Hussein
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilhelm_Solf=Wilhelm Solf
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emi_Shinohara=Emi Shinohara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yuriko_Yamaguchi_(voice_actress)=Yuriko Yamaguchi (voice actress)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edwin_Linkomies=Edwin Linkomies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Susilo_Bambang_Yudhoyono=Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elizabeth_Roemer=Elizabeth Roemer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexandre_Lagoya=Alexandre Lagoya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ferdinando_Carulli=Ferdinando Carulli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roscellinus=Roscellinus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mary_Harron=Mary Harron
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adolf_Wallenberg=Adolf Wallenberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Sutton_V=John Sutton V
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frederick_Scott_Archer=Frederick Scott Archer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Geraint_Evans=Geraint Evans
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dean_Corll=Dean Corll
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karl_Denke=Karl Denke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antonio_Torres_Jurado=Antonio Torres Jurado
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don_Mellett=Don Mellett
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ernst_Torgler=Ernst Torgler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Volker_Strassen=Volker Strassen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jonathan_Dimbleby=Jonathan Dimbleby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pat_Boran=Pat Boran
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Quasthoff=Thomas Quasthoff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mana_(musician)=Mana (musician)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Pilgrim=Paul Pilgrim
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kevin_Clash=Kevin Clash
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hugues_Aubriot=Hugues Aubriot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Louis_Anne_Avenol=Joseph Louis Anne Avenol
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norman_R._Augustine=Norman R. Augustine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Westwood=David Westwood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francis_Ayer=Francis Ayer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frank_Aydelotte=Frank Aydelotte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joyce_Chepchumba=Joyce Chepchumba
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Salvatore_Ferragamo=Salvatore Ferragamo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georges_Boillot=Georges Boillot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Plaisance_of_Antioch=Plaisance of Antioch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hamilton_Fish_Armstrong=Hamilton Fish Armstrong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Arno=Peter Arno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dorothy_Arnold=Dorothy Arnold
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manuel_Artime=Manuel Artime
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Owen_Gingerich=Owen Gingerich
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philip_van_Artevelde=Philip van Artevelde
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sholem_Asch=Sholem Asch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Edward_Jacob=John Edward Jacob
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Harding_Jackson=William Harding Jackson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Catherine_Ndereba=Catherine Ndereba
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Candido_Jacuzzi=Candido Jacuzzi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gottlieb_von_Jagow=Gottlieb von Jagow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miangul_Jahan_Zeb=Miangul Jahan Zeb
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Midde_Hamrin=Midde Hamrin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friedrich_Ludwig_Jahn=Friedrich Ludwig Jahn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lin_Newborn=Lin Newborn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aldo_Nadi=Aldo Nadi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_James,_Sr.=Henry James, Sr.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_James=James James
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Lemuel_James=Thomas Lemuel James
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ernest_George_Jansen=Ernest George Jansen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jarir_ibn_Atiyah=Jarir ibn Atiyah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Marion_Jardine=William Marion Jardine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tetsuya_Iwanaga=Tetsuya Iwanaga
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albert_of_Riga=Albert of Riga
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gioachino_Greco=Gioachino Greco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Junko_Iwao=Junko Iwao
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Warren_White_(oceanographer)=Warren White (oceanographer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jamie_Baulch=Jamie Baulch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Piotr_Jaroszewicz=Piotr Jaroszewicz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adrian_Cronauer=Adrian Cronauer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anthony_Lewis=Anthony Lewis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stephen_Moore_(actor)=Stephen Moore (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Darren_Campbell=Darren Campbell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Simon_Jenko=Simon Jenko
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sir_William_Jenner,_1st_Baronet=Sir William Jenner, 1st Baronet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Yewdall_Jennings=Robert Yewdall Jennings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrew_B._Sterling=Andrew B. Sterling
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicolas_Jenson=Nicolas Jenson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gilbert_Jessop=Gilbert Jessop
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack_Kavanagh_(politician)=Jack Kavanagh (politician)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elizabeth_Meeke=Elizabeth Meeke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Nott=John Nott
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sophia_de_Mello_Breyner_Andresen=Sophia de Mello Breyner Andresen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henri_Laborit=Henri Laborit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrea_Di_Paola=Andrea Di Paola
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fernando_Pedichini=Fernando Pedichini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gabriele_Cattani=Gabriele Cattani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Horace_Ashenfelter=Horace Ashenfelter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paolo_Chiavenna=Paolo Chiavenna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jun_Chen=Jun Chen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_W._Hergenrother=Carl W. Hergenrother
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luisa_Fernanda=Luisa Fernanda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Hurd=David Hurd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keiko_Han=Keiko Han
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Boyd_(actor)=William Boyd (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shigehisa_Fujikawa=Shigehisa Fujikawa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Megumi_Ogata=Megumi Ogata
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michie_Tomizawa=Michie Tomizawa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Megumi_Toyoguchi=Megumi Toyoguchi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Brown_(union_official)=George Brown (union official)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Akihiko_Tago=Akihiko Tago
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hulbert_Harrington_Warner=Hulbert Harrington Warner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Donald_Crisp=Donald Crisp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Milo_Parker_Jewett=Milo Parker Jewett
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Juan_Isidro_Jimenes_Pereyra=Juan Isidro Jimenes Pereyra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marshall_Jewell=Marshall Jewell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_I_of_Sweden=John I of Sweden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Jumper=John Jumper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dale_Watson_(FBI)=Dale Watson (FBI)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_Batten=Jean Batten
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierre_Joseph_Bonnaterre=Pierre Joseph Bonnaterre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Johann_Adam,_Prince_of_Liechtenstein=Joseph Johann Adam, Prince of Liechtenstein
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doreen_Valiente=Doreen Valiente
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nana_Sahib=Nana Sahib
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_of_Austria_the_Younger=John of Austria the Younger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yuan_Taotu=Yuan Taotu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yuan_Shu=Yuan Shu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_Dorst=Jean Dorst
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_of_Leiden=John of Leiden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_L._Peters=James L. Peters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Esther_Johnson=Esther Johnson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Herschel_Johnson=Herschel Johnson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Johnson_(Virginia_politician)=Joseph Johnson (Virginia politician)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mordecai_Wyatt_Johnson=Mordecai Wyatt Johnson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mal_Whitfield=Mal Whitfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tito_Schipa=Tito Schipa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jerry_Junkins=Jerry Junkins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Odette_Bancilhon=Odette Bancilhon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fred_Waring=Fred Waring
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patriarch_Justinian_of_Romania=Patriarch Justinian of Romania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jane_Harrison_(playwright)=Jane Harrison (playwright)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brereton_Jones=Brereton Jones
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Howard_Mumford_Jones=Howard Mumford Jones
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yuan_Chonghuan=Yuan Chonghuan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Kimbrough_Jones=James Kimbrough Jones
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Winston_Jones=John Winston Jones
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Thomas_Jones_(engineer)=Robert Thomas Jones (engineer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wesley_Livsey_Jones=Wesley Livsey Jones
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vernon_Jordan=Vernon Jordan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Nepomuk_Karl,_Prince_of_Liechtenstein=Johann Nepomuk Karl, Prince of Liechtenstein
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Wenzel_I,_Prince_of_Liechtenstein=Joseph Wenzel I, Prince of Liechtenstein
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luc_Jouret=Luc Jouret
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Joubert=Joseph Joubert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Augustus_D._Juilliard=Augustus D. Juilliard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harry_Pratt_Judson=Harry Pratt Judson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Solomon_Juneau=Solomon Juneau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrew_Likierman=Andrew Likierman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Justin_Huish=Justin Huish
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Artemisia_Gentileschi=Artemisia Gentileschi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maironis=Maironis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Van_Heflin=Van Heflin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Howard_Earle_III=George Howard Earle III
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stephen_Early=Stephen Early
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Coburn=Charles Coburn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_James_Eaton=Robert James Eaton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Peter_Eckermann=Johann Peter Eckermann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ernst_Eckstein=Ernst Eckstein
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ralph_Doubell=Ralph Doubell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eldon_Edwards=Eldon Edwards
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marian_Wright_Edelman=Marian Wright Edelman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_B._Edwards=James B. Edwards
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walter_Alison_Edwards=Walter Alison Edwards
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Quincy_Stewart=John Quincy Stewart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_A._Egan=William A. Egan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Warren_B._Offutt=Warren B. Offutt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Eggleston=Edward Eggleston
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Cary_Eggleston=George Cary Eggleston
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dave_Wottle=Dave Wottle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gordon_Downey=Gordon Downey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Derek_Bickerton=Derek Bickerton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ellen_Fairclough=Ellen Fairclough
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tino_De_Angelis=Tino De Angelis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kelly_Holmes=Kelly Holmes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edmund_Beckett,_1st_Baron_Grimthorpe=Edmund Beckett, 1st Baron Grimthorpe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ernest_Beckett,_2nd_Baron_Grimthorpe=Ernest Beckett, 2nd Baron Grimthorpe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Julius_Wilbrand=Julius Wilbrand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christopher_Beckett,_4th_Baron_Grimthorpe=Christopher Beckett, 4th Baron Grimthorpe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ralph_Beckett,_3rd_Baron_Grimthorpe=Ralph Beckett, 3rd Baron Grimthorpe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lori_Petty=Lori Petty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_R._Viscome=George R. Viscome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gianluca_Masi=Gianluca Masi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gordon_J._Garradd=Gordon J. Garradd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dennis_K._Chesney=Dennis K. Chesney
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tim_Raines=Tim Raines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doreen_Mantle=Doreen Mantle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Katherine_Dunn=Katherine Dunn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ernst_Ising=Ernst Ising
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eric_Pierpoint=Eric Pierpoint
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Dante=Michael Dante
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_Louis_Georges_Poiret=Jean Louis Georges Poiret
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pandolfo_Petrucci=Pandolfo Petrucci
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hendrik_Petrus_Berlage=Hendrik Petrus Berlage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dariusz_Rosati=Dariusz Rosati
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Umberto_Cassuto=Umberto Cassuto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adele_Addison=Adele Addison
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Hughes_(critic)=Robert Hughes (critic)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rica_Fukami=Rica Fukami
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_Cheek=Tom Cheek
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jerry_Howarth=Jerry Howarth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rodney_Frelinghuysen=Rodney Frelinghuysen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_Seznec=Jean Seznec
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alan_Furst=Alan Furst
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nzo_Ekangaki=Nzo Ekangaki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stuart_E._Eizenstat=Stuart E. Eizenstat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edmond_Hoyle=Edmond Hoyle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/F._Ryan_Duffy=F. Ryan Duffy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Argentinita=La Argentinita
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karita_Mattila=Karita Mattila
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shintaro_Katsu=Shintaro Katsu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pearl_Bailey=Pearl Bailey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shaun_M._Hughes=Shaun M. Hughes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierre_Balmain=Pierre Balmain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Violeta_G._Ivanova=Violeta G. Ivanova
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Hardwicke=Charles Hardwicke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Margaret_Fell=Margaret Fell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Hartley_(the_Younger)=David Hartley (the Younger)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edmond_Genet=Edmond Genet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ian_Wilson_(author)=Ian Wilson (author)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack_Pickersgill=Jack Pickersgill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Conrad_Kohrs=Conrad Kohrs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bernard_Coard=Bernard Coard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Ammar=Michael Ammar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bill_Pickett=Bill Pickett
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ono_no_Komachi=Ono no Komachi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jay_Sankey=Jay Sankey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/J._Lawrence_Cook=J. Lawrence Cook
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maury_Povich=Maury Povich
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stubby_Kaye=Stubby Kaye
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_of_Modena=William of Modena
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mandira_Bedi=Mandira Bedi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roy_Goode=Roy Goode
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elipando=Elipando
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stephen_Benton_Elkins=Stephen Benton Elkins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Dunn_(actor)=James Dunn (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_William_Elliott=James William Elliott
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Allen_J._Ellender=Allen J. Ellender
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_John_Ellis=Alexander John Ellis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maxine_Elliott=Maxine Elliott
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amos_Ellmaker=Amos Ellmaker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Leavitt_Ellsworth=Henry Leavitt Ellsworth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Ellsworth=Robert Ellsworth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edmund_Gwenn=Edmund Gwenn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gabriel_El-Registan=Gabriel El-Registan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mischa_Elman=Mischa Elman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dean_Jagger=Dean Jagger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abraham_Elzevir=Abraham Elzevir
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lodewijk_Elzevir=Lodewijk Elzevir
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meir_Simcha_of_Dvinsk=Meir Simcha of Dvinsk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Crowninshield_Endicott=William Crowninshield Endicott
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edmond_O'Brien=Edmond O'Brien
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martin_Ennals=Martin Ennals
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harry_Lane_Englebright=Harry Lane Englebright
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diane_English=Diane English
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daniel_Erasmus=Daniel Erasmus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daniel_Jacobus_Erasmus=Daniel Jacobus Erasmus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hugh_Griffith=Hugh Griffith
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miranda_Devine=Miranda Devine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Chakiris=George Chakiris
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doug_Anderson_(journalist)=Doug Anderson (journalist)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_FitzSimons=Peter FitzSimons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ed_Begley=Ed Begley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ferenc_Erkel=Ferenc Erkel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfred_von_Waldersee=Alfred von Waldersee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Robertson_(Trotskyist)=James Robertson (Trotskyist)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_I,_Landgrave_of_Hesse=Henry I, Landgrave of Hesse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Otto_I,_Landgrave_of_Hesse=Otto I, Landgrave of Hesse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Erskine_of_Carnock=John Erskine of Carnock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giles_Fletcher=Giles Fletcher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._John_Greer_Ervine=St. John Greer Ervine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Lee_Lucas=Henry Lee Lucas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gig_Young=Gig Young
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baldomero_Espartero,_Prince_of_Vergara=Baldomero Espartero, Prince of Vergara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Penn_(Royal_Navy_officer)=William Penn (Royal Navy officer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mike_Espy=Mike Espy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hans_Henric_von_Essen=Hans Henric von Essen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Darvis_Patton=Darvis Patton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leeann_Tweeden=Leeann Tweeden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marie_Taglioni=Marie Taglioni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jerome_Young=Jerome Young
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Smith_O'Brien=William Smith O'Brien
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amara_Essy=Amara Essy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tod_Davies=Tod Davies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Burnett_(director)=Charles Burnett (director)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lorenzo_O'Brien=Lorenzo O'Brien
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Khalid_Khannouchi=Khalid Khannouchi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johannes_Fabricius=Johannes Fabricius
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heinrich_Ritter_von_Zeissberg=Heinrich Ritter von Zeissberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Will_Theakston=Will Theakston
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A._J._Cook_(trade_unionist)=A. J. Cook (trade unionist)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis_Antoine_Fauvelet_de_Bourrienne=Louis Antoine Fauvelet de Bourrienne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carlo_Filangieri=Carlo Filangieri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rick_Campanelli=Rick Campanelli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Noele_Gordon=Noele Gordon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Felix_Draeseke=Felix Draeseke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bronislava_Nijinska=Bronislava Nijinska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Imre_Frivaldszky=Imre Frivaldszky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Abels=Michael Abels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Addinsell=Richard Addinsell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christoph_Scheiner=Christoph Scheiner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alun_Hoddinott=Alun Hoddinott
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antipope_Eulalius=Antipope Eulalius
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maurice_Evans_(actor)=Maurice Evans (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joe_Bowen=Joe Bowen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Williams_Henderson=William Williams Henderson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ole_Evinrude=Ole Evinrude
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Catherina_McKiernan=Catherina McKiernan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jonah_Sharp=Jonah Sharp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johannes_Ewald=Johannes Ewald
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Peter_Ewald=Paul Peter Ewald
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Derartu_Tulu=Derartu Tulu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Simon_Winchester=Simon Winchester
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hereward_Thimbleby_Price=Hereward Thimbleby Price
http://dbpedia.org/resource/J._James_Exon=J. James Exon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martin_Boehm=Martin Boehm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Eugene_Everhart=Thomas Eugene Everhart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ezzelino_III_da_Romano=Ezzelino III da Romano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christie_Clark=Christie Clark
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Zoritch=George Zoritch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fawn_Hall=Fawn Hall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samuel_Freedman=Samuel Freedman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Efrem_Zimbalist=Efrem Zimbalist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joybubbles=Joybubbles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anna_May_Wong=Anna May Wong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angeline_Stickney=Angeline Stickney
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isabella_of_Lusignan=Isabella of Lusignan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antonia_Pantoja=Antonia Pantoja
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clarence_Jordan=Clarence Jordan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jonathan_Harris=Jonathan Harris
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Curtis_Cokes=Curtis Cokes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brenda_Blethyn=Brenda Blethyn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carleton_Watkins=Carleton Watkins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrew_J._Russell=Andrew J. Russell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ken_Narita=Ken Narita
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mika_Doi=Mika Doi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ramakanta_Rath=Ramakanta Rath
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aristander=Aristander
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Herbert_Kretzmer=Herbert Kretzmer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leo_Tindemans=Leo Tindemans
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Myrtle_Corbin=Myrtle Corbin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Julia_Pastrana=Julia Pastrana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eleanor_Jarman=Eleanor Jarman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ely_Sakhai=Ely Sakhai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daisy_and_Violet_Hilton=Daisy and Violet Hilton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eleanor_Rathbone=Eleanor Rathbone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Stein_(art_forger)=David Stein (art forger)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Randolph_Healy=Randolph Healy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean-Marie_Auberson=Jean-Marie Auberson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shauna_Sand=Shauna Sand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph-Marie,_comte_Portalis=Joseph-Marie, comte Portalis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rob_Hume=Rob Hume
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vernon_Hill=Vernon Hill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henri_Pigozzi=Henri Pigozzi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Russell_(politician)=Michael Russell (politician)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jimmy_Jump=Jimmy Jump
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_B._Black,_Jr.=William B. Black, Jr.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierina_Legnani=Pierina Legnani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jon_Fosse=Jon Fosse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tahnun_bin_Shakhbut_Al_Nahyan=Tahnun bin Shakhbut Al Nahyan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lennox_Sebe=Lennox Sebe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bertran_de_Born=Bertran de Born
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stephen_Moss=Stephen Moss
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_Raspail=Jean Raspail
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phil_Drabble=Phil Drabble
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Columbus_Delano=Columbus Delano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Machin_Stairs=William Machin Stairs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dan_Lyle=Dan Lyle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/May_Irwin=May Irwin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Firoz_Kassam=Firoz Kassam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nick_Bollettieri=Nick Bollettieri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_of_Newburgh=William of Newburgh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dervla_Kirwan=Dervla Kirwan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stephen_Barrett=Stephen Barrett
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilhelm_Friedrich_Ernst_Bach=Wilhelm Friedrich Ernst Bach
http://dbpedia.org/resource/August_Oetker=August Oetker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leonard_George=Leonard George
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rustam_Kasimdzhanov=Rustam Kasimdzhanov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Brown_(naturalist)=Thomas Brown (naturalist)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Dresser=Paul Dresser
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tim_Shallice=Tim Shallice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patrick_Jenkin,_Baron_Jenkin_of_Roding=Patrick Jenkin, Baron Jenkin of Roding
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Boone=Richard Boone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ray_Barber=Ray Barber
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Martin_Schaeberle=John Martin Schaeberle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Machir=Machir
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elvis_Jacob_Stahr,_Jr.=Elvis Jacob Stahr, Jr.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joe_McGinnity=Joe McGinnity
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Albo=Joseph Albo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bob_O'Billovich=Bob O'Billovich
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indigenous_peoples_of_Arizona=Indigenous peoples of Arizona
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albert_Hunt=Albert Hunt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Darin_Adler=Darin Adler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hasdai_Crescas=Hasdai Crescas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Willem_Blaeu=Willem Blaeu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Bond=Michael Bond
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Allen_Ludden=Allen Ludden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ed_Fagan=Ed Fagan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carlos_Hartling=Carlos Hartling
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shobana=Shobana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jaime_Pressly=Jaime Pressly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scott_Innes=Scott Innes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barry_Farber=Barry Farber
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Katy_Boyer=Katy Boyer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roark_Critchlow=Roark Critchlow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Austin_Peck=Austin Peck
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Epicharmus_of_Kos=Epicharmus of Kos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfonso_Gagliano=Alfonso Gagliano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_II_Jordan=William II Jordan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rupert_Evans=Rupert Evans
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Bentley_(botanist)=Robert Bentley (botanist)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rudolf_Beran=Rudolf Beran
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eleanor_Clift=Eleanor Clift
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Schlamme=Thomas Schlamme
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lauren_Graham=Lauren Graham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Celsus=Celsus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vasile_Stoica=Vasile Stoica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfred_Stelzner=Alfred Stelzner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stefan_Panaretov=Stefan Panaretov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karel_Dillen=Karel Dillen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nathaniel_Crisp=Nathaniel Crisp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leroy_Bach=Leroy Bach
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Klaus_Roth=Klaus Roth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Clark_Monks=John Clark Monks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_Trepov=Alexander Trepov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nikolai_Golitsyn=Nikolai Golitsyn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lokendra_Bahadur_Chand=Lokendra Bahadur Chand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joe_Borg=Joe Borg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Shelvocke=George Shelvocke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wallace_Breem=Wallace Breem
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Stanbery=Henry Stanbery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Harrison_Standley=William Harrison Standley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dick_Schaap=Dick Schaap
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karl_Friedrich_Abt=Karl Friedrich Abt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alex_(parrot)=Alex (parrot)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mark_Curtis_(SWP_member)=Mark Curtis (SWP member)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rudolf_Scharping=Rudolf Scharping
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anne_Ridler=Anne Ridler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Harington_(writer)=John Harington (writer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ernst_Barlach=Ernst Barlach
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_B._Stanley=Thomas B. Stanley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eve_van_Grafhorst=Eve van Grafhorst
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don_Sundquist=Don Sundquist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francis_Cotes=Francis Cotes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frank_Stanton_(executive)=Frank Stanton (executive)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Henry_Stelle=John Henry Stelle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harry_Kemelman=Harry Kemelman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alice_Pruvot-Fol=Alice Pruvot-Fol
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ray_Blanton=Ray Blanton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Alexander,_1st_Earl_of_Stirling=William Alexander, 1st Earl of Stirling
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arthur_Macnamara=Arthur Macnamara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ran_Cohen=Ran Cohen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Hall_(governor)=William Hall (governor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taylor_Miller=Taylor Miller
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Muhammad_bin_Shakhbut_Al_Nahyan=Muhammad bin Shakhbut Al Nahyan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Alexander_(bishop)=William Alexander (bishop)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacqueline_S._Moore=Jacqueline S. Moore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frank_G._Clement=Frank G. Clement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ellsworth_Milton_Statler=Ellsworth Milton Statler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sam_Stayman=Sam Stayman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_J._Flake=William J. Flake
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stewart_Rawlings_Mott=Stewart Rawlings Mott
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfred_Steele=Alfred Steele
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stefanos_Stefanopoulos=Stefanos Stefanopoulos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vilhjalmur_Stefansson=Vilhjalmur Stefansson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Janet_Dempsey_Steiger=Janet Dempsey Steiger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Forrest_Tucker=Forrest Tucker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clarence_Stein=Clarence Stein
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colin_Jackson=Colin Jackson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Pogorzelski=Henry Pogorzelski
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pat_Murphy_(writer)=Pat Murphy (writer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Stephens_(author)=James Stephens (author)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uriah_Smith_Stephens=Uriah Smith Stephens
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Archibald_Scott_Cleghorn=Archibald Scott Cleghorn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stuart_Piggott=Stuart Piggott
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Stewart_Mott=Charles Stewart Mott
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boris_Vorontsov-Velyaminov=Boris Vorontsov-Velyaminov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_II_of_Jerusalem=John II of Jerusalem
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Tebbutt=John Tebbutt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maria_Kawamura=Maria Kawamura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rei_Sakuma=Rei Sakuma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Willem_Hendrik_van_den_Bos=Willem Hendrik van den Bos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_S._Paraskevopoulos=John S. Paraskevopoulos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harry_Edwin_Wood=Harry Edwin Wood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antonio_Pantojas=Antonio Pantojas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Glashan=John Glashan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zbigniew_Wassermann=Zbigniew Wassermann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrzej_Aumiller=Andrzej Aumiller
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Stith,_III=Thomas Stith, III
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Gould_Stephenson=John Gould Stephenson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_II_of_Jerusalem=Henry II of Jerusalem
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Ewart=John Ewart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Batterson_Stetson=John Batterson Stetson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ebenezer_R._Hoar=Ebenezer R. Hoar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_R._Stettinius=Edward R. Stettinius
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Charles_Stetson=John Charles Stetson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guillaume_Dupuytren=Guillaume Dupuytren
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gustav_Karl_Wilhelm_Hermann_Karsten=Gustav Karl Wilhelm Hermann Karsten
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Ezra_Sprague=Charles Ezra Sprague
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dabo=Dabo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anne_Geddes=Anne Geddes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pitof=Pitof
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matthijs_Quast=Matthijs Quast
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arif_Mardin=Arif Mardin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Megginson=David Megginson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Abrahams=Peter Abrahams
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mark_Smeaton=Mark Smeaton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/T._M._Aluko=T. M. Aluko
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ernest_Graves_(actor)=Ernest Graves (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lyman_J._Gage=Lyman J. Gage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bohemond_VII,_Count_of_Tripoli=Bohemond VII, Count of Tripoli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_MacLennan=Michael MacLennan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marin_Marais=Marin Marais
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_McKenna=Joseph McKenna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clint_Ritchie=Clint Ritchie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lee_Patterson=Lee Patterson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Burchfield=Robert Burchfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lucia,_Countess_of_Tripoli=Lucia, Countess of Tripoli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eric_Douglas=Eric Douglas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ruthe_Lewin_Winegarten=Ruthe Lewin Winegarten
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Geoffrey_Giuliano=Geoffrey Giuliano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orestes_(father_of_Romulus_Augustulus)=Orestes (father of Romulus Augustulus)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gonchigiin_Bumtsend=Gonchigiin Bumtsend
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Al-Jazuli_Daf'allah=Al-Jazuli Daf'allah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lodovico_Grossi_da_Viadana=Lodovico Grossi da Viadana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Rebhan=Paul Rebhan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Volusianus=Volusianus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Berkeley_(governor)=William Berkeley (governor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Laney=David Laney
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Ling=James Ling
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Griffin_Bell=Griffin Bell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ted_Levine=Ted Levine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Julius_Bloedel=Julius Bloedel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patrick_Matthews=Patrick Matthews
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Judith_Barsi=Judith Barsi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norio_Wakamoto=Norio Wakamoto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kasdi_Merbah=Kasdi Merbah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Haruna_Ikezawa=Haruna Ikezawa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yasunori_Matsumoto=Yasunori Matsumoto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yukana=Yukana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yevonde_Middleton=Yevonde Middleton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Siri_Hustvedt=Siri Hustvedt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ralph_Griswold=Ralph Griswold
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Josef_Ressel=Josef Ressel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hisashi_Kimura=Hisashi Kimura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manuel_John_Johnson=Manuel John Johnson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taylor_Ball=Taylor Ball
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jon_Plowman=Jon Plowman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Lee_(politician)=David Lee (politician)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diego_Deza=Diego Deza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Denise_O'Donoghue=Denise O'Donoghue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anthony_A._Williams=Anthony A. Williams
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jerri_Nielsen=Jerri Nielsen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ercole_Dembowski=Ercole Dembowski
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Knox=Robert Knox
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Max_Adler_(Sears)=Max Adler (Sears)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carlo_Agostini=Carlo Agostini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frances_Alda=Frances Alda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alice_Austen=Alice Austen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nat_Ayer=Nat Ayer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Howard_Taft_IV=William Howard Taft IV
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raymond_Benjamin=Raymond Benjamin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ella_A._Boole=Ella A. Boole
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_T._Stevens=Robert T. Stevens
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adolphus_Busch=Adolphus Busch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Percy_French=Percy French
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis_Bernacchi=Louis Bernacchi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jan_Theuninck=Jan Theuninck
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carsten_Borchgrevink=Carsten Borchgrevink
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrew_Stevenson=Andrew Stevenson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrei_Bely=Andrei Bely
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sigeberht_of_Wessex=Sigeberht of Wessex
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parker_Stevenson=Parker Stevenson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sandra_Scheuer=Sandra Scheuer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guyford_Stever=Guyford Stever
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cuthred_of_Wessex=Cuthred of Wessex
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cate_Edwards=Cate Edwards
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Campbell_(industrialist)=James Campbell (industrialist)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Breisach=Paul Breisach
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mariella_Frostrup=Mariella Frostrup
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Andrews_(metallurgist)=Thomas Andrews (metallurgist)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Main=Robert Main
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Takeshi_Nagata=Takeshi Nagata
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Idina_Menzel=Idina Menzel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frederick_Campion_Steward=Frederick Campion Steward
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Katharine_Brush=Katharine Brush
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clarence_Joseph_Bulliet=Clarence Joseph Bulliet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adolf_Busch=Adolf Busch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Helmut_Schmidt_(parapsychologist)=Helmut Schmidt (parapsychologist)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Henry_Chase=George Henry Chase
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_Kane_Foulke_du_Pont=Jean Kane Foulke du Pont
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Howard_Chandler_Christy=Howard Chandler Christy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Cobb_(racing_driver)=John Cobb (racing driver)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hideo_Itokawa=Hideo Itokawa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joe_Duffy=Joe Duffy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_J._C._Atkinson=Richard J. C. Atkinson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/JoBeth_Williams=JoBeth Williams
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ramesses_IV=Ramesses IV
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Setnakhte=Setnakhte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ramesses_VIII=Ramesses VIII
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ahmed_Abdallah=Ahmed Abdallah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manfredo_Fanti=Manfredo Fanti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scotty_Holt=Scotty Holt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Massimo_d'Azeglio=Massimo d'Azeglio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Kashtan=William Kashtan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tony_Jarrett=Tony Jarrett
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Dallinger=William Dallinger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aleksei_Chirikov=Aleksei Chirikov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Onegesius=Onegesius
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greg_Foster_(hurdler)=Greg Foster (hurdler)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luciano_Laurana=Luciano Laurana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Howard_Shuster=William Howard Shuster
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mehboob_Khan=Mehboob Khan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ivan_Andreyevich_Khovansky_(Tararui)=Ivan Andreyevich Khovansky (Tararui)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jo_Davidson=Jo Davidson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yusuke_Hagihara=Yusuke Hagihara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yasuo_Tanaka_(astronomer)=Yasuo Tanaka (astronomer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tucker_Carlson=Tucker Carlson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yasuo_Tanaka=Yasuo Tanaka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mary_Edwards_Walker=Mary Edwards Walker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henryk_Magnuski=Henryk Magnuski
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wells_Coates=Wells Coates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ghulam_Sediq_Wardak=Ghulam Sediq Wardak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brad_McQuaid=Brad McQuaid
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greta_Scacchi=Greta Scacchi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alessandro_Stradella=Alessandro Stradella
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Pasquin=John Pasquin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Randy_Thorsteinson=Randy Thorsteinson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jamie_Dimon=Jamie Dimon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pauline_Julien=Pauline Julien
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lucius_Artorius_Castus=Lucius Artorius Castus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Noli_de_Castro=Noli de Castro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfred_Frenzel=Alfred Frenzel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andreas_Feininger=Andreas Feininger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Morton_Gould=Morton Gould
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giya_Kancheli=Giya Kancheli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hala_Moddelmog=Hala Moddelmog
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Powys_Mathers=Edward Powys Mathers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carlos_Carvalhas=Carlos Carvalhas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mathew_Baker=Mathew Baker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/J._C._Mardrus=J. C. Mardrus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nathaniel_Dance-Holland=Nathaniel Dance-Holland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Chapman_(shipwright)=Richard Chapman (shipwright)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eduardo_Ferro_Rodrigues=Eduardo Ferro Rodrigues
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brian_Merriman=Brian Merriman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kenau_Simonsdochter_Hasselaer=Kenau Simonsdochter Hasselaer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pipo_of_Ozora=Pipo of Ozora
http://dbpedia.org/resource/August_von_Trott_zu_Solz=August von Trott zu Solz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fyodor_Litke=Fyodor Litke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Ackford=Paul Ackford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ann_Rutherford=Ann Rutherford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Sargrove=John Sargrove
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ferdinand_von_Wrangel=Ferdinand von Wrangel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antoine_Meillet=Antoine Meillet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hermann_Flohn=Hermann Flohn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caramuru=Caramuru
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hubert_Lamb=Hubert Lamb
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Judy_Tyler=Judy Tyler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack_McGurn=Jack McGurn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lance_Reventlow=Lance Reventlow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Janusz_Magnuski=Janusz Magnuski
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Semion_Chelyuskin=Semion Chelyuskin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blair_Underwood=Blair Underwood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hitomi_Soga=Hitomi Soga
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barbara_Hutton=Barbara Hutton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marlo_Thomas=Marlo Thomas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walter_Frederick_Ferrier=Walter Frederick Ferrier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Sturge_Moore=Thomas Sturge Moore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philip_Carey=Philip Carey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tony_Millionaire=Tony Millionaire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Z._Shepard=Thomas Z. Shepard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Diller_Matthew=William Diller Matthew
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cecil_Heftel=Cecil Heftel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_S._Woods=Robert S. Woods
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amnon_Rubinstein=Amnon Rubinstein
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilhelm_Zaisser=Wilhelm Zaisser
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bree_Williamson=Bree Williamson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Irina_Khakamada=Irina Khakamada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marc_Birkigt=Marc Birkigt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roscoe_Born=Roscoe Born
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frederik_Kaiser=Frederik Kaiser
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fumihiko_Tachiki=Fumihiko Tachiki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_F._B._Mitchell=John F. B. Mitchell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Casper_Van_Dien=Casper Van Dien
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Konstantinos_Thanos=Konstantinos Thanos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Robb=Paul Robb
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prince_Hall=Prince Hall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Schlitz=Joseph Schlitz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lotte_Lehmann=Lotte Lehmann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeff_Seeman=Jeff Seeman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ronald_Lou-Poy=Ronald Lou-Poy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iestyn_ap_Gwrgant=Iestyn ap Gwrgant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Horatio_Parker=Horatio Parker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeremy_Elson=Jeremy Elson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frank_Kurtis=Frank Kurtis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Craig_Larman=Craig Larman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philippe_Kruchten=Philippe Kruchten
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dick_Stoken=Dick Stoken
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joel_Spolsky=Joel Spolsky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Masayo_Kurata=Masayo Kurata
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reiko_Takagi=Reiko Takagi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yumiko_Kobayashi=Yumiko Kobayashi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gene_Pelowski=Gene Pelowski
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maria_Weizman=Maria Weizman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mikako_Takahashi=Mikako Takahashi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kenichi_Ogata_(voice_actor)=Kenichi Ogata (voice actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hirotaka_Suzuoki=Hirotaka Suzuoki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Calvert_Vaux=Calvert Vaux
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saeko_Shimazu=Saeko Shimazu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Natsuko_Kuwatani=Natsuko Kuwatani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Whitefield_Chadwick=George Whitefield Chadwick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sayuri_Yoshida=Sayuri Yoshida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tomomichi_Nishimura=Tomomichi Nishimura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shin-ichiro_Miki=Shin-ichiro Miki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hekiru_Shiina=Hekiru Shiina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Takehito_Koyasu=Takehito Koyasu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Akiko_Hiramatsu=Akiko Hiramatsu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A._E._Wilder-Smith=A. E. Wilder-Smith
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Motomu_Kiyokawa=Motomu Kiyokawa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frank_McRae=Frank McRae
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kumiko_Nishihara=Kumiko Nishihara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Schneider_(screen_actor)=John Schneider (screen actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greg_Laurie=Greg Laurie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Breashears=David Breashears
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Moore_(loyalist)=William Moore (loyalist)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Davies_(publisher)=John Davies (publisher)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lionel_Johnson=Lionel Johnson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Madge=Charles Madge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Alfred_Biefeld=Paul Alfred Biefeld
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sabrina_Lloyd=Sabrina Lloyd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christophe_Beck=Christophe Beck
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tim_Bray=Tim Bray
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kathleen_Raine=Kathleen Raine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ann_Black=Ann Black
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jure_Franko=Jure Franko
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Viktor_Afanasyev_(politician)=Viktor Afanasyev (politician)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johannes_Ambundii=Johannes Ambundii
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theodor_Ab_Yberg=Theodor Ab Yberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vincent_Drucci=Vincent Drucci
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Acarius=Acarius
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Floyd_(explorer)=Charles Floyd (explorer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Naftali_Zvi_Yehuda_Berlin=Naftali Zvi Yehuda Berlin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeanne_Moreau=Jeanne Moreau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frankie_Yale=Frankie Yale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Janine_Benyus=Janine Benyus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beverly_LaHaye=Beverly LaHaye
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Willi_Dansgaard=Willi Dansgaard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hans_Oeschger=Hans Oeschger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charlie_Howard_(murder_victim)=Charlie Howard (murder victim)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Claude_Lorius=Claude Lorius
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_Jouzel=Jean Jouzel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Korris=James Korris
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Rathje=William Rathje
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hugo_Stinnes=Hugo Stinnes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frederick_Stock=Frederick Stock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fletcher_Stockdale=Fletcher Stockdale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Henry_Stoddard=Richard Henry Stoddard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrew_Fluegelman=Andrew Fluegelman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Brooks=Richard Brooks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/June_Lockhart=June Lockhart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miou-Miou=Miou-Miou
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giancarlo_De_Carlo=Giancarlo De Carlo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mark_Achbar=Mark Achbar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mamiko_Noto=Mamiko Noto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francis_Berry=Francis Berry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mayumi_Iizuka=Mayumi Iizuka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Margery_Bronster=Margery Bronster
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Susan_Haskell=Susan Haskell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrey_Arkhangelsky=Andrey Arkhangelsky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Krimmer=Robert Krimmer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shannon_Tweed=Shannon Tweed
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hillary_B._Smith=Hillary B. Smith
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georgy_Babakin=Georgy Babakin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jules_Antoine_Lissajous=Jules Antoine Lissajous
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cliff_Wright=Cliff Wright
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Willison_Green=John Willison Green
http://dbpedia.org/resource/H._G._van_de_Sande_Bakhuyzen=H. G. van de Sande Bakhuyzen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ted_Moses=Ted Moses
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Linnell_(painter)=John Linnell (painter)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_J._Chassell=Robert J. Chassell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Calvin_Smith=Calvin Smith
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Randy_Snow=Randy Snow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nikolai_P._Barabashov=Nikolai P. Barabashov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mackenzie_Phillips=Mackenzie Phillips
http://dbpedia.org/resource/H._Irving_Hancock=H. Irving Hancock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jackie_Kallen=Jackie Kallen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diodotus_II=Diodotus II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nigel_Sinclair=Nigel Sinclair
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mustafa_Barzani=Mustafa Barzani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Gaynes=George Gaynes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_S._de_Ropp=Robert S. de Ropp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matthew_Lawrence=Matthew Lawrence
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lilli_Gruber=Lilli Gruber
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Waldemar_Pawlak=Waldemar Pawlak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mike_Ilitch=Mike Ilitch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bonnie_Franklin=Bonnie Franklin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moorfield_Storey=Moorfield Storey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Wetmore_Story=William Wetmore Story
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fernand_Baldet=Fernand Baldet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gradimir_Smudja=Gradimir Smudja
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mark_Williamson=Mark Williamson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tony_Greaves,_Baron_Greaves=Tony Greaves, Baron Greaves
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yuzo_Takada=Yuzo Takada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Danilo_I,_Prince_of_Montenegro=Danilo I, Prince of Montenegro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/J._P._Guilford=J. P. Guilford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_Luken=Tom Luken
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roxanne_Qualls=Roxanne Qualls
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steve_Smith_(comedian)=Steve Smith (comedian)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Jabez_Muckley=William Jabez Muckley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Valeri_Barsukov=Valeri Barsukov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_Wills=Tom Wills
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Helen_Magill_White=Helen Magill White
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christopher_Edley,_Jr.=Christopher Edley, Jr.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inge_Meysel=Inge Meysel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Otto_Boeddicker=Otto Boeddicker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nathan_Straus=Nathan Straus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francesco_Bianchini=Francesco Bianchini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Klebnikov=Paul Klebnikov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lewis_Strauss=Lewis Strauss
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gerry_Conlon=Gerry Conlon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ernst_Wollweber=Ernst Wollweber
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ernst_Streeruwitz=Ernst Streeruwitz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fritz_Theilen=Fritz Theilen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Barnes_(computer_scientist)=John Barnes (computer scientist)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Brashear=John Brashear
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wolfgang_Schmieder=Wolfgang Schmieder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mo_Gaffney=Mo Gaffney
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_A._Strong=Henry A. Strong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stephen_P._Hempstead=Stephen P. Hempstead
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gustav_Struve=Gustav Struve
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Berngardovich_Struve=Peter Berngardovich Struve
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_Hugh_Holmes_Stuart=Alexander Hugh Holmes Stuart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Ledwell_Taylor=George Ledwell Taylor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walter_Barton_May=Walter Barton May
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reginald_Edward_Stubbs=Reginald Edward Stubbs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Kleindienst=Richard Kleindienst
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Wesson=Edward Wesson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bob_Collins_(broadcaster)=Bob Collins (broadcaster)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anselmo_Lorenzo=Anselmo Lorenzo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A._R._Gurney=A. R. Gurney
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alison_Arngrim=Alison Arngrim
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kiana_Davenport=Kiana Davenport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gena_Lee_Nolin=Gena Lee Nolin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peggy_Ann_Garner=Peggy Ann Garner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jon_Whiteley=Jon Whiteley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ivan_Jandl=Ivan Jandl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vincent_Winter=Vincent Winter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Margaret_O'Brien=Margaret O'Brien
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bobby_Driscoll=Bobby Driscoll
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Claude_Jarman,_Jr.=Claude Jarman, Jr.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heather_O'Rourke=Heather O'Rourke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joe_McAndrew=Joe McAndrew
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hayley_Mills=Hayley Mills
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wendy_Wilson=Wendy Wilson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shirley_Temple=Shirley Temple
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicolas_Hulot=Nicolas Hulot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Linklater=Richard Linklater
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Juan_Alejo_de_Arizmendi=Juan Alejo de Arizmendi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friedrich_von_Holstein=Friedrich von Holstein
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Delilah_(radio_host)=Delilah (radio host)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Sangster=Robert Sangster
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gil_Elvgren=Gil Elvgren
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daisy_Fellowes=Daisy Fellowes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sterling_Holloway=Sterling Holloway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rafe_de_Crespigny=Rafe de Crespigny
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fred_Newman_(philosopher)=Fred Newman (philosopher)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don_Coscarelli=Don Coscarelli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Mancham=James Mancham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leschi_(Native_American_leader)=Leschi (Native American leader)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hans_Helfritz=Hans Helfritz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tommaso_Salvadori=Tommaso Salvadori
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roger_Black=Roger Black
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Akihiko_Yoshida=Akihiko Yoshida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hiroshi_Minagawa=Hiroshi Minagawa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taku_Murata=Taku Murata
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Priyadarshan=Priyadarshan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ted_Mack_(radio-TV_host)=Ted Mack (radio-TV host)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Teddy_Weatherford=Teddy Weatherford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johannes_Sturm=Johannes Sturm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don_Dietrich_(musician)=Don Dietrich (musician)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Subh-i-Azal=Subh-i-Azal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daniel_Ernst_Jablonski=Daniel Ernst Jablonski
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Kowald=Peter Kowald
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Subroto_(politician)=Subroto (politician)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kenichi_Sonoda=Kenichi Sonoda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abd_al-Rahman_al-Bazzaz=Abd al-Rahman al-Bazzaz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hanna_Suchocka=Hanna Suchocka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stefano_Jacini=Stefano Jacini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Hicks_(athlete)=Thomas Hicks (athlete)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Enrico_Cialdini=Enrico Cialdini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Otto_Suhr=Otto Suhr
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pasquale_Stanislao_Mancini=Pasquale Stanislao Mancini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maria_de_Lourdes_Pintasilgo=Maria de Lourdes Pintasilgo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marie-Laure_de_Noailles=Marie-Laure de Noailles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giovanni_Nicotera=Giovanni Nicotera
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carlo_Felice_Nicolis,_conte_di_Robilant=Carlo Felice Nicolis, conte di Robilant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Costantino_Nigra=Costantino Nigra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nancy_McKeon=Nancy McKeon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vincenzo_Gioberti=Vincenzo Gioberti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luigi_Ferri=Luigi Ferri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_Khalifman=Alexander Khalifman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antonio_Rosmini-Serbati=Antonio Rosmini-Serbati
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Agostino_Magliani=Agostino Magliani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giuseppe_Saracco=Giuseppe Saracco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lodovico,_Count_Corti=Lodovico, Count Corti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_E._Burton=Charles E. Burton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacob_of_Juterbogk=Jacob of Juterbogk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Laurence_Sullivan=William Laurence Sullivan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Sully=Thomas Sully
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hilda_Murrell=Hilda Murrell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierre_Gringoire=Pierre Gringoire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sumitomo_Masatomo=Sumitomo Masatomo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christian_Friedrich_Wilhelm_Jacobs=Christian Friedrich Wilhelm Jacobs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arthur_Summerfield=Arthur Summerfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aristotele_Fioravanti=Aristotele Fioravanti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Guildford=Edward Guildford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gideon_Sundback=Gideon Sundback
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_Lefebvre=Jean Lefebvre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sun_Yun-suan=Sun Yun-suan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_H._Fowler=Henry H. Fowler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wage_Rudolf_Supratman=Wage Rudolf Supratman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Killa_Kela=Killa Kela
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_Kindness=Tom Kindness
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hossein_Marashi=Hossein Marashi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ivan_Susanin=Ivan Susanin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Smith_Surtees=Robert Smith Surtees
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Stephen_Finsen=William Stephen Finsen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Pennington=William Pennington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bert_Bos=Bert Bos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hugh_R._Stephen=Hugh R. Stephen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_P._Pula=Robert P. Pula
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lynne_Franks=Lynne Franks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jonathan_Sachs=Jonathan Sachs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dorise_Nielsen=Dorise Nielsen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_de_Warenne,_7th_Earl_of_Surrey=John de Warenne, 7th Earl of Surrey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swami_Ghanananda_(Ghana)=Swami Ghanananda (Ghana)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ginevra_de'_Benci=Ginevra de' Benci
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jane_March=Jane March
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacob_Penner=Jacob Penner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gunther_Plaut=Gunther Plaut
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philip_Rabinowitz_(runner)=Philip Rabinowitz (runner)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silvio_Santos=Silvio Santos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_R._Francis=David R. Francis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nian_Gengyao=Nian Gengyao
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kim_Fields=Kim Fields
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barbara_Lett-Simmons=Barbara Lett-Simmons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Mattheson=Johann Mattheson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kana_Ueda=Kana Ueda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tomokazu_Sugita=Tomokazu Sugita
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bernard_Sergent=Bernard Sergent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Motoko_Kumai=Motoko Kumai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Junichi_Suwabe=Junichi Suwabe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dennis_Farina=Dennis Farina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stephen_Cassin=Stephen Cassin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kumiko_Watanabe=Kumiko Watanabe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Akio_Suyama=Akio Suyama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keiichi_Nanba=Keiichi Nanba
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kazuhiko_Inoue=Kazuhiko Inoue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marina_Oswald_Porter=Marina Oswald Porter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yuki_Matsuoka=Yuki Matsuoka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fumiko_Orikasa=Fumiko Orikasa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Romi_Park=Romi Park
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bertram_Goodhue=Bertram Goodhue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_William_Inchbold=John William Inchbold
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ankhesenamun=Ankhesenamun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_Crowson=Tom Crowson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bruce_Russell_(musician)=Bruce Russell (musician)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Russell_Coutts=Russell Coutts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luke_Esser=Luke Esser
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heidi_Behrens-Benedict=Heidi Behrens-Benedict
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alex_Alben=Alex Alben
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Sarasohn=David Sarasohn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ekaterina_Svanidze=Ekaterina Svanidze
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eberhard_August_Wilhelm_von_Zimmermann=Eberhard August Wilhelm von Zimmermann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leonardus_Achates=Leonardus Achates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jim_Gallagher_(civil_servant)=Jim Gallagher (civil servant)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean-Daniel_Nicoud=Jean-Daniel Nicoud
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nick_Nielsen=Nick Nielsen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Claude_Coppens=Claude Coppens
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rosemary_Follett=Rosemary Follett
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_R._Sherck=James R. Sherck
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gordon_H._Scherer=Gordon H. Scherer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Igram_van_Achelen=Igram van Achelen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tex_Brashear=Tex Brashear
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ward_Miller=Ward Miller
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_J._Keating=William J. Keating
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_W._Griffin_(politician)=John W. Griffin (politician)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ed_Weber=Ed Weber
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ed_Emery=Ed Emery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Kinsella=Thomas Kinsella
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sivananda_Saraswati=Sivananda Saraswati
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Ginty=Robert Ginty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrea_Barthwell=Andrea Barthwell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oliver_P._Bolton=Oliver P. Bolton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_S._Dennison,_Jr.=David S. Dennison, Jr.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stan_McDonald=Stan McDonald
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bob_Shamansky=Bob Shamansky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samuel_L._Devine=Samuel L. Devine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Zuken=Joseph Zuken
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jim_Oberweis=Jim Oberweis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arthur_Davis_(animator)=Arthur Davis (animator)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_E._Henderson=John E. Henderson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gian_Giacomo_Medici=Gian Giacomo Medici
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Cullen=Peter Cullen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Fish=Michael Fish
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ronald_M._Mottl=Ronald M. Mottl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harry_Rankin=Harry Rankin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis_of_Nassau=Louis of Nassau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mindy_Cohn=Mindy Cohn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/W._A._Kardash=W. A. Kardash
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ian_McCaskill=Ian McCaskill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_Hyppolite=Jean Hyppolite
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christopher_Collins=Christopher Collins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sonya_Thomas=Sonya Thomas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Roberts_(writer)=Michael Roberts (writer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mac_Thornberry=Mac Thornberry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yvette_Guilbert=Yvette Guilbert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spencer_Horatio_Walpole=Spencer Horatio Walpole
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eddie_Torres=Eddie Torres
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pearl_White=Pearl White
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Goddard=Charles Goddard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mike_Newell_(director)=Mike Newell (director)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mary_Cholmondeley=Mary Cholmondeley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Beckmann=Johann Beckmann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marie_Dubas=Marie Dubas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Neumann_(Attorney_General)=Paul Neumann (Attorney General)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Rhoden=George Rhoden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_John_Boddington=Henry John Boddington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miriam_Margolyes=Miriam Margolyes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kai_Krause=Kai Krause
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sverker_II_of_Sweden=Sverker II of Sweden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ensio_Siilasvuo=Ensio Siilasvuo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_VII_of_Sweden=Charles VII of Sweden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leslie_Fram=Leslie Fram
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeillo_Edwards=Jeillo Edwards
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Morgan_Earp=Morgan Earp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albert_Hill_(athlete)=Albert Hill (athlete)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hugh_II_of_Cyprus=Hugh II of Cyprus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gordon_Williams=Gordon Williams
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Billy_Butlin=Billy Butlin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bimbisara=Bimbisara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Master_Juba=Master Juba
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Titus_Desticius_Juba=Titus Desticius Juba
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arp_Schnitger=Arp Schnitger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dedan_Kimathi=Dedan Kimathi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meredith_Baxter=Meredith Baxter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mark_Johnson_(philosopher)=Mark Johnson (philosopher)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philippe_Sollers=Philippe Sollers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joel_Pritchard=Joel Pritchard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Pelly=Thomas Pelly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hugh_Mitchell_(politician)=Hugh Mitchell (politician)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Addison=Robert Addison
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hugh_De_Lacy_(politician)=Hugh De Lacy (politician)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Homer_Jones_(politician)=Homer Jones (politician)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don_Siegelman=Don Siegelman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ralph_Horr=Ralph Horr
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Franklin_Miller_(representative)=John Franklin Miller (representative)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amy_Smart=Amy Smart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benjamin_Franklin_White=Benjamin Franklin White
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alberto_Korda=Alberto Korda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theophilus_Painter=Theophilus Painter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Doyle_(judge)=John Doyle (judge)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hargrave_Jennings=Hargrave Jennings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stefan_Weber_(musician)=Stefan Weber (musician)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albert_Hay_Malotte=Albert Hay Malotte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nils_Johan_Semb=Nils Johan Semb
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sandra_Lee_(chef)=Sandra Lee (chef)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roger_Smith_(executive)=Roger Smith (executive)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silver_RavenWolf=Silver RavenWolf
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Janet_Albrechtsen=Janet Albrechtsen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Archibald_Menzies=Archibald Menzies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lewis_Schaffer=Lewis Schaffer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Spruce=Richard Spruce
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Langa_KaXaba=Langa KaXaba
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Natan_Sharansky=Natan Sharansky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Ereng=Paul Ereng
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Betty_Oliphant=Betty Oliphant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Hinks=Joseph Hinks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Tanui=William Tanui
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marjorie_Proops=Marjorie Proops
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barry_MacSweeney=Barry MacSweeney
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sophytes=Sophytes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kyle_Chapman=Kyle Chapman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Nutcombe_Oxenham=Henry Nutcombe Oxenham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bernard_Palissy=Bernard Palissy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_K._Guy=Richard K. Guy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joshua_Sylvester=Joshua Sylvester
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Houblon=John Houblon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rolf_Mellde=Rolf Mellde
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phil_Ineson=Phil Ineson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Speirs_Bruce=William Speirs Bruce
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Southwell_(Jesuit)=Robert Southwell (Jesuit)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Claus_Spreckels=Claus Spreckels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Richardson_(actor)=John Richardson (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Josep_Borrell=Josep Borrell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Hertz=Robert Hertz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfred_Comyn_Lyall=Alfred Comyn Lyall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rod_Liddle=Rod Liddle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_William_Ward_(professor)=John William Ward (professor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis_Campau=Louis Campau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karl_Edward_Wagner=Karl Edward Wagner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hans_Scholl_(astronomer)=Hans Scholl (astronomer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bathsheba_Grossman=Bathsheba Grossman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maurice_Lindsay=Maurice Lindsay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henri_Herz=Henri Herz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_II_of_Villehardouin=William II of Villehardouin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roy_Blount,_Jr.=Roy Blount, Jr.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joe_Gold=Joe Gold
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Khaled_bin_Ouda_bin_Mohammed_al-Harbi=Khaled bin Ouda bin Mohammed al-Harbi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Hyrcanus=John Hyrcanus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Homer_Davenport=Homer Davenport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Blau=Peter Blau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Gregory_(mineralogist)=James Gregory (mineralogist)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Campbell_Hay=George Campbell Hay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Didrik_Pining=Didrik Pining
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frances_Hyland=Frances Hyland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Easton=Michael Easton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Jackson_Denson=Thomas Jackson Denson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seaborn_McDaniel_Denson=Seaborn McDaniel Denson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Paul_Gaimard=Joseph Paul Gaimard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Gilbert_Scott,_Jr.=George Gilbert Scott, Jr.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Oldrid_Scott=John Oldrid Scott
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patricia_J._Williams=Patricia J. Williams
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jim_Boeven=Jim Boeven
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dennis_Walsh=Dennis Walsh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Boyle_(academic)=James Boyle (academic)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patricia_Richardson=Patricia Richardson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jim_Balsillie=Jim Balsillie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_L._Sullivan_(United_States_Navy)=John L. Sullivan (United States Navy)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Tuddenham=Peter Tuddenham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deborah_Warner=Deborah Warner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gemma_Jones=Gemma Jones
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lloyd_Meeds=Lloyd Meeds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Fischer=James Fischer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gunnar_Johansson_(psychophysicist)=Gunnar Johansson (psychophysicist)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Allen_Swift=Allen Swift
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Drake_Westervelt=William Drake Westervelt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Petty=George Petty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fra_Mauro=Fra Mauro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jerry_Singirok=Jerry Singirok
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfonso_Salmeron=Alfonso Salmeron
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hans_Ji_Maharaj=Hans Ji Maharaj
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Josef_Gingold=Josef Gingold
http://dbpedia.org/resource/J._Alan_George=J. Alan George
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Victoria_Sackville-West,_Baroness_Sackville=Victoria Sackville-West, Baroness Sackville
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manmohan_Ghose=Manmohan Ghose
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Domingo_Amestoy=Domingo Amestoy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shri_Purohit_Swami=Shri Purohit Swami
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Margot_Ruddock=Margot Ruddock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Dance_the_Elder=George Dance the Elder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis_Isidore_Duperrey=Louis Isidore Duperrey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arthur_Shearly_Cripps=Arthur Shearly Cripps
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stephen_Phillips=Stephen Phillips
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Rono=Peter Rono
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johannes_Bobrowski=Johannes Bobrowski
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gottfried_Achenwall=Gottfried Achenwall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lucas_Achtschellinck=Lucas Achtschellinck
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Beeching=Henry Beeching
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Stuart_Blackie=John Stuart Blackie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Eriksson=Henry Eriksson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Tang=Thomas Tang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Valens_Acidalius=Valens Acidalius
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Heinrich_Acker=Johann Heinrich Acker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jaclyn_Smith=Jaclyn Smith
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baby_K=Baby K
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arnold_Ruge=Arnold Ruge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_E._Sharp=James E. Sharp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Rockefeller=Michael Rockefeller
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Howard_Rollins=Howard Rollins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Cazale=John Cazale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silvia_Colloca=Silvia Colloca
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alice_Thompson=Alice Thompson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Schillinger=Joseph Schillinger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sebastiano_Serlio=Sebastiano Serlio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gaetano_Filangieri=Gaetano Filangieri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Geoff_Parker=Geoff Parker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francis_William_Bourdillon=Francis William Bourdillon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guglielmo_Pepe=Guglielmo Pepe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boris_Alterman=Boris Alterman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samuel_Wilder_King=Samuel Wilder King
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glen_Edwards_(pilot)=Glen Edwards (pilot)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean-Baptiste_Regnault=Jean-Baptiste Regnault
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Witold_Pilecki=Witold Pilecki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ludovic_Vitet=Ludovic Vitet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Culpeper=Thomas Culpeper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Bennett_(athlete)=Charles Bennett (athlete)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Litton=Henry Litton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Temba_Tsheri=Temba Tsheri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xavier_Sigalon=Xavier Sigalon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Ching=Charles Ching
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Victoria_Rowell=Victoria Rowell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joely_Richardson=Joely Richardson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_H._Wilson_(Hawaii)=John H. Wilson (Hawaii)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_N._Arnold=Charles N. Arnold
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_F._Wright=George F. Wright
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harry_Meshel=Harry Meshel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Crane=Charles Crane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jesse_M._Roper=Jesse M. Roper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ken_Lerner=Ken Lerner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Katsuya_Okada=Katsuya Okada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hirohisa_Fujii=Hirohisa Fujii
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hirofumi_Nakasone=Hirofumi Nakasone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Masatoshi_Abe=Masatoshi Abe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yoshiyuki_Kamei=Yoshiyuki Kamei
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeffrey_Shallit=Jeffrey Shallit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shigeru_Ishiba=Shigeru Ishiba
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pat_Sajak=Pat Sajak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Garcilaso_de_la_Vega_(poet)=Garcilaso de la Vega (poet)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ellery_Schempp=Ellery Schempp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_Tauke=Tom Tauke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hunter_Tylo=Hunter Tylo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jami_Gertz=Jami Gertz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tonja_Walker=Tonja Walker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frederick_Miller=Frederick Miller
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joyce_Cavalcante=Joyce Cavalcante
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dave_Hughes=Dave Hughes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emily_Curtis=Emily Curtis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vasil_Levski=Vasil Levski
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miina_Tominaga=Miina Tominaga
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Morris_Kline=Morris Kline
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ben_Curtis_(actor)=Ben Curtis (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lawrence_Payton=Lawrence Payton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_Stafford_(astronomer)=Tom Stafford (astronomer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kristine_DeBell=Kristine DeBell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Rappaport=David Rappaport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frank_Scott_Hogg=Frank Scott Hogg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Enza_Anderson=Enza Anderson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Austin_Willis=Austin Willis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stefka_Kostadinova=Stefka Kostadinova
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kevin_Patterson_(writer)=Kevin Patterson (writer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gustaf_von_Paykull=Gustaf von Paykull
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nick_Skitz=Nick Skitz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dick_Olver=Dick Olver
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gavin_Turk=Gavin Turk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Armat=Thomas Armat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oskar_Messter=Oskar Messter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nora_Chesson=Nora Chesson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lothrop_Withington=Lothrop Withington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fay_Weldon=Fay Weldon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patsy_Keever=Patsy Keever
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilfred_Rowland_Childe=Wilfred Rowland Childe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ellen_Mary_Clerke=Ellen Mary Clerke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lauri_Lehtinen=Lauri Lehtinen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mary_Elizabeth_Coleridge=Mary Elizabeth Coleridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Corrado_Parducci=Corrado Parducci
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seth_Pomeroy=Seth Pomeroy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Mabey=Richard Mabey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Nordeen=William Nordeen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hassan_Khaled=Hassan Khaled
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jock_Tiffin=Jock Tiffin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giovanni_Ribisi=Giovanni Ribisi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/J._C._Higginbotham=J. C. Higginbotham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Soundhog=Soundhog
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anthony_Tyler_Quinn=Anthony Tyler Quinn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sverker_I_of_Sweden=Sverker I of Sweden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Otto_Sverdrup=Otto Sverdrup
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Helmut_Krausser=Helmut Krausser
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gladys_Staines=Gladys Staines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michel_Richard_Delalande=Michel Richard Delalande
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rosalind_Cash=Rosalind Cash
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nelson_Doi=Nelson Doi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_King=Jean King
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Kealoha=James Kealoha
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Garrett_Hedlund=Garrett Hedlund
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albert_Lothian=Albert Lothian
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Graham_Staines=Graham Staines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ann_Turner_Cook=Ann Turner Cook
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Claude_A._Swanson=Claude A. Swanson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yakima_Canutt=Yakima Canutt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Conrad_Veidt=Conrad Veidt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Rees_(activist)=John Rees (activist)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ronald_Moon=Ronald Moon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_Stuart_Murray=Alexander Stuart Murray
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alireza_Noori=Alireza Noori
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Simeon_R._Acoba,_Jr.=Simeon R. Acoba, Jr.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_E._Duffy,_Jr.=James E. Duffy, Jr.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Howard_Hesseman=Howard Hesseman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steven_Levinson=Steven Levinson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paula_A._Nakayama=Paula A. Nakayama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yadollah_Eslami=Yadollah Eslami
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Tylo=Michael Tylo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shi_Lang=Shi Lang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kimberlin_Brown=Kimberlin Brown
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johannes_Liechtenauer=Johannes Liechtenauer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maurice_du_Martheray=Maurice du Martheray
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Watkins=Peter Watkins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stephen_Kakfwi=Stephen Kakfwi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jason_Gwynne=Jason Gwynne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Werner_Hamacher=Werner Hamacher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Darren_Star=Darren Star
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kenji_Nojima=Kenji Nojima
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Schein=Johann Schein
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heinrich_Scheidemann=Heinrich Scheidemann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bill_Stewart_(television_journalist)=Bill Stewart (television journalist)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toshiyuki_Morikawa=Toshiyuki Morikawa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Margaret_Deland=Margaret Deland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Dvorsky=George Dvorsky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amir_Butler=Amir Butler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michel_de_Certeau=Michel de Certeau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kwame_Kwei-Armah=Kwame Kwei-Armah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Randy_Spelling=Randy Spelling
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tim_Dudfield=Tim Dudfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frank_Arthur_Swinnerton=Frank Arthur Swinnerton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Suzanne_Pleshette=Suzanne Pleshette
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gerard_Swope=Gerard Swope
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Manning_(murderer)=Michael Manning (murderer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miroslav_Holub=Miroslav Holub
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nanci_Chambers=Nanci Chambers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Symington=William Symington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roland_Theodore_Symonette=Roland Theodore Symonette
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stuart_Symington=Stuart Symington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henrietta_Szold=Henrietta Szold
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Sarjeant=William Sarjeant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marian_Otis_Chandler=Marian Otis Chandler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clinton_B._Ford=Clinton B. Ford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christopher_Pearse_Cranch=Christopher Pearse Cranch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Healey_Dall=William Healey Dall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Cousins=James Cousins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ghazi_al-Jabali=Ghazi al-Jabali
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jaume_Plensa=Jaume Plensa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rose_Polenzani=Rose Polenzani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeremy_Wolfenden=Jeremy Wolfenden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michal_Viewegh=Michal Viewegh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Augusta_Theodosia_Drane=Augusta Theodosia Drane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Dudley_Pelley=William Dudley Pelley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Gabriel_Ginaca=Henry Gabriel Ginaca
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luiz_Gonzaga=Luiz Gonzaga
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Agnes_Mary_Frances_Duclaux=Agnes Mary Frances Duclaux
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Feleknas_Uca=Feleknas Uca
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tankred_Dorst=Tankred Dorst
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Oswald_Ahnert=Paul Oswald Ahnert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phineas_Fletcher=Phineas Fletcher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Farel=William Farel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Franz_Xaver_Kroetz=Franz Xaver Kroetz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bob_Schul=Bob Schul
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jules_Dassin=Jules Dassin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Weiss=Peter Weiss
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Ganzoni,_2nd_Baron_Belstead=John Ganzoni, 2nd Baron Belstead
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lloyd_Doggett=Lloyd Doggett
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Humphrey_Atkins=Humphrey Atkins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fred_Peart,_Baron_Peart=Fred Peart, Baron Peart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Brussig=Thomas Brussig
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dmitry_Pisarev=Dmitry Pisarev
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tench_Coxe=Tench Coxe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Owsley_Stanley=Owsley Stanley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hermann_Kant=Hermann Kant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gerald_Hawkins=Gerald Hawkins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ranjitsinhji=Ranjitsinhji
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uriah_A._Boyden=Uriah A. Boyden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mechai_Viravaidya=Mechai Viravaidya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francesco_Fontana=Francesco Fontana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_Focas=Jean Focas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Henry_Hardin=Charles Henry Hardin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Myron_Cope=Myron Cope
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ernie_Hudson=Ernie Hudson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Josef_Ganz=Josef Ganz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georges_Fournier=Georges Fournier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ferdinand_de_la_Cerda=Ferdinand de la Cerda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phil_Bengtson=Phil Bengtson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inaya_Day=Inaya Day
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Godfrey_of_Fontaines=Godfrey of Fontaines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walter_Frederick_Gale=Walter Frederick Gale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frank_Gorshin=Frank Gorshin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roy_Thinnes=Roy Thinnes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dorothy_Hart=Dorothy Hart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/C._Paul_Jennewein=C. Paul Jennewein
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harry_Carey_(actor)=Harry Carey (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Claude_L._Harrison=Claude L. Harrison
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_D._Robinson=James D. Robinson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vasudeva_I=Vasudeva I
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sergei_Shamba=Sergei Shamba
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Bovard=James Bovard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maribel_Guardia=Maribel Guardia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miguel_Trovoada=Miguel Trovoada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alan_J._Pakula=Alan J. Pakula
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rebecca_Walker=Rebecca Walker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bartolomeo_Montagna=Bartolomeo Montagna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Franklin_Wheeler_Mondell=Franklin Wheeler Mondell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrew_Jackson_Montague=Andrew Jackson Montague
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ismael_Montes=Ismael Montes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giulio_Monteverde=Giulio Monteverde
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rodolfo_Biagi=Rodolfo Biagi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bernard_de_Montfaucon=Bernard de Montfaucon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vincenzo_Monti=Vincenzo Monti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gerbert_de_Montreuil=Gerbert de Montreuil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edmond_Holmes=Edmond Holmes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_Baptiste_Antoine_Auget_de_Montyon=Jean Baptiste Antoine Auget de Montyon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacques_Marie_Boutet=Jacques Marie Boutet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anatole_de_Monzie=Anatole de Monzie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Flavelle_Monypenny=William Flavelle Monypenny
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Moody_(financial_analyst)=John Moody (financial analyst)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Moody_(inventor)=Paul Moody (inventor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean-Pierre_Petit=Jean-Pierre Petit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Henry_Moody=William Henry Moody
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parker_Thomas_Moon=Parker Thomas Moon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carel_de_Moor=Carel de Moor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Addison_Webster_Moore=Addison Webster Moore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_Pollock_Moore=Alexander Pollock Moore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Mooney=Thomas Mooney
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frank_C._Moore_(painter)=Frank C. Moore (painter)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eva_Moore=Eva Moore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daniel_McFarlan_Moore=Daniel McFarlan Moore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frank_Frankfort_Moore=Frank Frankfort Moore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_B._Moore_(engineer)=John B. Moore (engineer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Thomas_Moore=George Thomas Moore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Bassett_Moore=John Bassett Moore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Veranus_Alva_Moore=Veranus Alva Moore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francisco_de_Moraes=Francisco de Moraes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Laurie_Morant=Robert Laurie Morant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luis_de_Morales=Luis de Morales
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elinor_Mordaunt=Elinor Mordaunt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_Jules_Henri_Mordacq=Jean Jules Henri Mordacq
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mikhail_Mordkin=Mikhail Mordkin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giovanni_Morelli=Giovanni Morelli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emilio,_marquis_Visconti-Venosta=Emilio, marquis Visconti-Venosta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cesare_Ricotti-Magnani=Cesare Ricotti-Magnani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alan_Bleasdale=Alan Bleasdale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jimmy_McGovern=Jimmy McGovern
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gordon_Prange=Gordon Prange
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Ives_(toymaker)=Edward Ives (toymaker)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Musa_Hitam=Musa Hitam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lycurgus_of_Sparta=Lycurgus of Sparta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christian_Graf_von_Haugwitz=Christian Graf von Haugwitz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lane_Davies=Lane Davies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Margaret_Cole=Margaret Cole
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Fierlinger=Paul Fierlinger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frederick_Louis,_Prince_of_Hohenlohe-Ingelfingen=Frederick Louis, Prince of Hohenlohe-Ingelfingen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tosia_Altman=Tosia Altman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marie_Anne_de_Mailly=Marie Anne de Mailly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raymond_Postgate=Raymond Postgate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Claude_Gillot=Claude Gillot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_Jouvenet=Jean Jouvenet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gaston_Reiff=Gaston Reiff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charlie_Higson=Charlie Higson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antoine_Coysevox=Antoine Coysevox
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guillaume_Coustou_the_Elder=Guillaume Coustou the Elder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierre_Puget=Pierre Puget
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edison_Pettit=Edison Pettit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Nevile=Thomas Nevile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Brown_(sportscaster)=James Brown (sportscaster)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Herb_Caen=Herb Caen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sulpicius_Alexander=Sulpicius Alexander
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Constant_Troyon=Constant Troyon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lars_Gustafsson=Lars Gustafsson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henri_Harpignies=Henri Harpignies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gloria_Winters=Gloria Winters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kirby_Grant=Kirby Grant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Percival_Postgate=John Percival Postgate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eddie_Albert=Eddie Albert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicolaes_Maes=Nicolaes Maes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Morgan_(businessman)=Charles Morgan (businessman)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arthur_Ernest_Morgan=Arthur Ernest Morgan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Langbridge_Morgan=Charles Langbridge Morgan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georges_Rayet=Georges Rayet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Wolf_(astronomer)=Charles Wolf (astronomer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vidhu_Vinod_Chopra=Vidhu Vinod Chopra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yash_Chopra=Yash Chopra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kamatari_Fujiwara=Kamatari Fujiwara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prem_Chopra=Prem Chopra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Svein_Rosseland=Svein Rosseland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Steeves=William Steeves
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baldev_Raj_Chopra=Baldev Raj Chopra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Priyanka_Chopra=Priyanka Chopra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Evagoras_I=Evagoras I
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bill_Jones_(California_politician)=Bill Jones (California politician)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quentin_Skinner=Quentin Skinner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Erick_Erickson=Erick Erickson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sean_Kenniff=Sean Kenniff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roy_Barnes=Roy Barnes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sir_Anthony_Nutting,_3rd_Baronet=Sir Anthony Nutting, 3rd Baronet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louise_Jameson=Louise Jameson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_Eustache=Jean Eustache
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mahdi_Al_Tajir=Mahdi Al Tajir
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adolf_Brand=Adolf Brand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roderic=Roderic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emil_Voigt_(athlete)=Emil Voigt (athlete)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vasyl_Sukhomlynsky=Vasyl Sukhomlynsky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glen_Rangwala=Glen Rangwala
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meindert_Hobbema=Meindert Hobbema
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charlotte_Casiraghi=Charlotte Casiraghi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicolaes_Pieterszoon_Berchem=Nicolaes Pieterszoon Berchem
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jan_Weenix=Jan Weenix
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Allaert_van_Everdingen=Allaert van Everdingen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carlos_Seixas=Carlos Seixas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caesar_van_Everdingen=Caesar van Everdingen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Preston_(Freemason)=William Preston (Freemason)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Junius_Spencer_Morgan=Junius Spencer Morgan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ludolf_Bakhuizen=Ludolf Bakhuizen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brian_Williamson=Brian Williamson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Justin_Morgan=Justin Morgan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aert_van_der_Neer=Aert van der Neer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greville_Wynne=Greville Wynne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hendrik_Goltzius=Hendrik Goltzius
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Augustus_Lowell=Augustus Lowell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gerard_van_Honthorst=Gerard van Honthorst
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Willem_Claeszoon_Heda=Willem Claeszoon Heda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joachim_von_Sandrart=Joachim von Sandrart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jan_Davidsz._de_Heem=Jan Davidsz. de Heem
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Twomey=Paul Twomey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Schirrmann=Richard Schirrmann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Buchanan_(American_politician)=John Buchanan (American politician)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ludwig_Biermann=Ludwig Biermann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chris_Denning=Chris Denning
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Gatenby_Bolton=John Gatenby Bolton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fyodor_Bredikhin=Fyodor Bredikhin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Melba_Rae=Melba Rae
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Curt_Gowdy=Curt Gowdy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Herodian=Herodian
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fritz_Kortner=Fritz Kortner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apollonius_Dyscolus=Apollonius Dyscolus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Josiah_Wedgwood_II=Josiah Wedgwood II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isaeus=Isaeus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francesco_Morlacchi=Francesco Morlacchi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Taylor=Edward Taylor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Thomson_(musician)=George Thomson (musician)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glenn_Morris=Glenn Morris
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Margaret_III,_Countess_of_Flanders=Margaret III, Countess of Flanders
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Morris,_1st_Baron_Killanin=Michael Morris, 1st Baron Killanin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roland_Sletor_Morris=Roland Sletor Morris
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Morris-Jones=John Morris-Jones
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sidney_Edwards_Morse=Sidney Edwards Morse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rogers_Morton=Rogers Morton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Morton=Paul Morton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Parker_(British_politician)=John Parker (British politician)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adam_Rickitt=Adam Rickitt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ignaz_Moscheles=Ignaz Moscheles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Heenan_(cardinal)=John Heenan (cardinal)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Jakob_Moser=Johann Jakob Moser
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kamlesh_Pattni=Kamlesh Pattni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Hughes,_Baron_Hughes_of_Woodside=Robert Hughes, Baron Hughes of Woodside
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Gledhill=Joseph Gledhill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jim_Folsom=Jim Folsom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pablo_Gargallo=Pablo Gargallo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sultan_bin_Zayed_bin_Sultan_Al_Nahyan=Sultan bin Zayed bin Sultan Al Nahyan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albert_Augustus_Pope=Albert Augustus Pope
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bibb_Graves=Bibb Graves
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_D._Jelks=William D. Jelks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_F._Johnston=Joseph F. Johnston
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_B._Lindsay=Robert B. Lindsay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_P._Lewis=David P. Lewis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Hugh_Smith=William Hugh Smith
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_M._Patton=Robert M. Patton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walter_Nicks=Walter Nicks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Gill_Shorter=John Gill Shorter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kasimir_Graff=Kasimir Graff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walter_Flanders=Walter Flanders
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georges_Roesch=Georges Roesch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrew_B._Moore=Andrew B. Moore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reuben_Chapman=Reuben Chapman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_A._Winston=John A. Winston
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_W._Collier=Henry W. Collier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ron_Joyce=Ron Joyce
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hamid-Reza_Assefi=Hamid-Reza Assefi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Takeo_Hatanaka=Takeo Hatanaka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Asada_Goryu=Asada Goryu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kiyotsugu_Hirayama=Kiyotsugu Hirayama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shin_Hirayama=Shin Hirayama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harutaro_Murakami=Harutaro Murakami
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kim_Thomson=Kim Thomson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ajima_Naonobu=Ajima Naonobu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Issei_Yamamoto=Issei Yamamoto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sergei_Parajanov=Sergei Parajanov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_S._McDowell=Charles S. McDowell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierre_Louis_Roederer=Pierre Louis Roederer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christine_Chubbuck=Christine Chubbuck
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jere_Beasley=Jere Beasley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Crossley=Edward Crossley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Wilson_(priest)=James Wilson (priest)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aelius_Herodianus=Aelius Herodianus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pyotr_Grigorenko=Pyotr Grigorenko
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Issei_Futamata=Issei Futamata
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sakiko_Tamagawa=Sakiko Tamagawa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antoine_Bruni_d'Entrecasteaux=Antoine Bruni d'Entrecasteaux
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hiroko_Kasahara=Hiroko Kasahara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frederick_McCubbin=Frederick McCubbin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Mitchell_Seabroke=George Mitchell Seabroke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Gurth_Hughes=Robert Gurth Hughes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Florencio_Morales_Ramos=Florencio Morales Ramos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guinevere_Turner=Guinevere Turner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gustav_Hamel=Gustav Hamel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mohammed_Gammoudi=Mohammed Gammoudi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elsie_Inglis=Elsie Inglis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miruts_Yifter=Miruts Yifter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Christian_Daniel_von_Schreber=Johann Christian Daniel von Schreber
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Wilson_(Labour_politician)=William Wilson (Labour politician)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marion_Ross=Marion Ross
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francis_Wurtz=Francis Wurtz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_Shales=Tom Shales
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aquilino_Ribeiro=Aquilino Ribeiro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jennifer_Toth=Jennifer Toth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alessandro_Tassoni=Alessandro Tassoni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dieter_Baumann=Dieter Baumann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sir_Alan_Barlow,_2nd_Baronet=Sir Alan Barlow, 2nd Baronet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sir_Thomas_Barlow,_1st_Baronet=Sir Thomas Barlow, 1st Baronet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Horace_Barlow=Horace Barlow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierre-Charles_Le_Sueur=Pierre-Charles Le Sueur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dennis_Rickman=Dennis Rickman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theodore_Austin-Sparks=Theodore Austin-Sparks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tomislav_Ladan=Tomislav Ladan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adrien-Henri_de_Jussieu=Adrien-Henri de Jussieu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antipope_Callixtus_III=Antipope Callixtus III
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antipope_Clement_VIII=Antipope Clement VIII
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ilmari_Salminen=Ilmari Salminen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Takashi_Yoshimatsu=Takashi Yoshimatsu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antipope_Gregory_VIII=Antipope Gregory VIII
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antipope_Dioscorus=Antipope Dioscorus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antipope_Clement_III=Antipope Clement III
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacques_Raverat=Jacques Raverat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gwen_Raverat=Gwen Raverat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Clark,_Baron_Clark_of_Kempston=William Clark, Baron Clark of Kempston
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Pickles=James Pickles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bernard_Darwin=Bernard Darwin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frances_Cornford=Frances Cornford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aristide_Bruant=Aristide Bruant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Goulue=La Goulue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jonathan_Wild=Jonathan Wild
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harry_Dent=Harry Dent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Julian_Hodge=Julian Hodge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Wilcox_(actor)=Robert Wilcox (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Helmut_Vetter=Helmut Vetter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Gilbert,_Baron_Gilbert=John Gilbert, Baron Gilbert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ernest_Lee_Thomas=Ernest Lee Thomas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elfi_von_Dassanowsky=Elfi von Dassanowsky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bridget_Dowling=Bridget Dowling
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alan_Warner=Alan Warner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henri_Hubert=Henri Hubert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frank_Spangenberg=Frank Spangenberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alejandro_Corichi=Alejandro Corichi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angela_Hitler=Angela Hitler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samuel_Tertius_Galton=Samuel Tertius Galton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Praskovia_Kovalyova-Zhemchugova=Praskovia Kovalyova-Zhemchugova
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Salvador_de_Madariaga=Salvador de Madariaga
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robin_Jarvis=Robin Jarvis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Leo_Herlihy=James Leo Herlihy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stella_Adler=Stella Adler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Petar_Krumov=Petar Krumov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joanna_Gleason=Joanna Gleason
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Williams_Walker=John Williams Walker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steve_Young_(musician)=Steve Young (musician)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Kelly_(senator)=William Kelly (senator)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_H._Chambers=Henry H. Chambers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfred_Uhl=Alfred Uhl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_von_Dassanowsky=Robert von Dassanowsky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/T._Alexander_Aleinikoff=T. Alexander Aleinikoff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mark_Farina=Mark Farina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jada_Rowland=Jada Rowland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dora_Bakoyannis=Dora Bakoyannis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guccio_Gucci=Guccio Gucci
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Nepomuk_Hiedler=Johann Nepomuk Hiedler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ivens_Buffett=Ivens Buffett
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_S._Terry=David S. Terry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bella_Lewitzky=Bella Lewitzky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leamon_King=Leamon King
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis_G._Henyey=Louis G. Henyey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Pinget=Robert Pinget
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Billy_Meier=Billy Meier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bob_Nault=Bob Nault
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lester_Allan_Pelton=Lester Allan Pelton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Noah_Hathaway=Noah Hathaway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_Theodor_Albrecht=Carl Theodor Albrecht
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seumas_O'Sullivan=Seumas O'Sullivan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yevgeny_Petrov_(writer)=Yevgeny Petrov (writer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Chambers_(criminal)=Robert Chambers (criminal)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Essie_Davis=Essie Davis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Letty_Aronson=Letty Aronson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steve_Barcia=Steve Barcia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quentin_Keynes=Quentin Keynes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carter_Glass=Carter Glass
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anthony_Salvin=Anthony Salvin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gerd_Heidemann=Gerd Heidemann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theodore_Enslin=Theodore Enslin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nikolai_Sheremetev=Nikolai Sheremetev
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Heath=William Heath
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Dealey=George Dealey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sid_Watkins=Sid Watkins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clarence_Holiday=Clarence Holiday
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elias_Levy=Elias Levy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Herbert_Kaufman=Herbert Kaufman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Preston=Peter Preston
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_Langlais=Jean Langlais
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eva_Tanguay=Eva Tanguay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Denise_Restout=Denise Restout
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joan_Bakewell=Joan Bakewell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis_MacNeice=Louis MacNeice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martin_Newland=Martin Newland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tam_Paton=Tam Paton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Wenige=George Wenige
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martha_Raye=Martha Raye
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_M._Bibb=George M. Bibb
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sessue_Hayakawa=Sessue Hayakawa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sven_Ranck=Sven Ranck
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nevile_Gardiner=Nevile Gardiner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Dadford=Thomas Dadford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Dadford=John Dadford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vic_Tayback=Vic Tayback
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Dadford,_Jr.=Thomas Dadford, Jr.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kenneth_Halliwell=Kenneth Halliwell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Dadford=James Dadford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ingrid_Mattson=Ingrid Mattson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carlos_Torres_(astronomer)=Carlos Torres (astronomer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Septimus_Gardiner=Robert Septimus Gardiner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nathaniel_Everett_Green=Nathaniel Everett Green
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ernst_Hartwig=Ernst Hartwig
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hashem_Aghajari=Hashem Aghajari
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Savage_(actor)=John Savage (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Linda_Lavin=Linda Lavin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Muriel_Box=Muriel Box
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Tyler_Morgan=John Tyler Morgan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Goldthwaite=George Goldthwaite
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_H._Bankhead=John H. Bankhead
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giovanni_de_Sanctis=Giovanni de Sanctis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_S._Holden=Edward S. Holden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hans_Moser_(actor)=Hans Moser (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/J._Lister_Hill=J. Lister Hill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francis_S._White=Francis S. White
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aeneas_Tacticus=Aeneas Tacticus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_L._Pugh=James L. Pugh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luke_Pryor=Luke Pryor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_E._Spencer=George E. Spencer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Bates_(Adventist)=Joseph Bates (Adventist)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abbas_el-Akkad=Abbas el-Akkad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eberhard_of_Franconia=Eberhard of Franconia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mandaryna=Mandaryna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patrick_McKenna=Patrick McKenna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andre_Braugher=Andre Braugher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mitsuo_Iwata=Mitsuo Iwata
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yoshiko_Sakakibara=Yoshiko Sakakibara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leopold_Jessner=Leopold Jessner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hideyuki_Tanaka=Hideyuki Tanaka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Takeshi_Aono=Takeshi Aono
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laird_Hamilton=Laird Hamilton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sydney_Box=Sydney Box
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alan_Templeton=Alan Templeton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mitsuko_Uchida=Mitsuko Uchida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Gifford_(astronomer)=Charles Gifford (astronomer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pyotr_Bolotnikov=Pyotr Bolotnikov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emmanuel_Liais=Emmanuel Liais
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Dudley_(conspirator)=Henry Dudley (conspirator)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/W._O._Bentley=W. O. Bentley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Million_Wolde=Million Wolde
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keith_Waldrop=Keith Waldrop
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Takayoshi_Yoshioka=Takayoshi Yoshioka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Naftali_Temu=Naftali Temu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kay_Mellor=Kay Mellor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alberto_Cova=Alberto Cova
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henricus_von_Gunterrodt=Henricus von Gunterrodt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tracy_Pollan=Tracy Pollan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Paul_Franklin=Joseph Paul Franklin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brahim_Boutayeb=Brahim Boutayeb
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Claire_Sweeney=Claire Sweeney
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anne_Diamond=Anne Diamond
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Match-E-Be-Nash-She-Wish=Match-E-Be-Nash-She-Wish
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louie_B._Nunn=Louie B. Nunn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carroll_Alley=Carroll Alley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mags_L_Halliday=Mags L Halliday
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brunetto_Latini=Brunetto Latini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexey_Razumovsky=Alexey Razumovsky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_J._Seymour=William J. Seymour
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gordon_Mumma=Gordon Mumma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georgy_Chicherin=Georgy Chicherin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Tillman=Henry Tillman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gwynne_Dyer=Gwynne Dyer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_Macan=Tom Macan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacqueline_Courtney=Jacqueline Courtney
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ivan_De_Battista=Ivan De Battista
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_S._Morse=Edward S. Morse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Murray_Haszard=Murray Haszard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Saso=Michael Saso
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chris_Bradshaw=Chris Bradshaw
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Glover=Paul Glover
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steve_Whitmire=Steve Whitmire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hippolyte_Moulin=Hippolyte Moulin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sarah_Fielding=Sarah Fielding
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charlotte_Burks=Charlotte Burks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georges_Eekhoud=Georges Eekhoud
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yves_Michaud=Yves Michaud
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Yallop=David Yallop
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Janusz_Onyszkiewicz=Janusz Onyszkiewicz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacek_Saryusz-Wolski=Jacek Saryusz-Wolski
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dixie_Dean=Dixie Dean
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Bach,_Baron_Bach=William Bach, Baron Bach
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ernest_Addison_Moody=Ernest Addison Moody
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Hussey_(astronomer)=William Hussey (astronomer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Y._Bhekhirst=Y. Bhekhirst
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marie-Charles_Damoiseau=Marie-Charles Damoiseau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_F._Houston=David F. Houston
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Mickle=Charles Mickle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ehud_Olmert=Ehud Olmert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norman_Lewis_(author)=Norman Lewis (author)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tobias_Matthay=Tobias Matthay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Brown_(Manitoba_politician)=Edward Brown (Manitoba politician)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Adams_Richardson=William Adams Richardson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Egon_Eiermann=Egon Eiermann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Touber=Charles Touber
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alan_McCulloch=Alan McCulloch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Decimus_Junius_Silanus_Torquatus=Decimus Junius Silanus Torquatus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miki_Fujitani=Miki Fujitani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Olinthus_Gregory=Olinthus Gregory
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shigeru_Chiba=Shigeru Chiba
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Assen_Bossev=Assen Bossev
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeremy_Vine=Jeremy Vine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dunash_ben_Labrat=Dunash ben Labrat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saul_Bass=Saul Bass
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Frederick_Meggers=William Frederick Meggers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chris_Bambery=Chris Bambery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christopher_Thomson,_1st_Baron_Thomson=Christopher Thomson, 1st Baron Thomson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Hartnett=Michael Hartnett
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antonio_Gades=Antonio Gades
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Valery_Gergiev=Valery Gergiev
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_A._Cohen=Richard A. Cohen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Neal_A._Maxwell=Neal A. Maxwell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marc_Evans=Marc Evans
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kevin_McClory=Kevin McClory
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frans_Ackerman=Frans Ackerman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mary-Kay_Wilmers=Mary-Kay Wilmers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sacha_Distel=Sacha Distel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bipin_Chandra_Pal=Bipin Chandra Pal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jane_Avril=Jane Avril
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rick_Jones_(television_presenter)=Rick Jones (television presenter)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lina_Cavalieri=Lina Cavalieri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mike_McIntyre=Mike McIntyre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sue_Myrick=Sue Myrick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_Duff_(missionary)=Alexander Duff (missionary)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roger_Moore_(computer_scientist)=Roger Moore (computer scientist)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Huggett=Richard Huggett
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raghad_Hussein=Raghad Hussein
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jim_Borgman=Jim Borgman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chidiock_Tichborne=Chidiock Tichborne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack_Whittingham=Jack Whittingham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bob_Ryan=Bob Ryan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Omar_al-Bayoumi=Omar al-Bayoumi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Teniers_the_Younger=David Teniers the Younger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colin_Cant=Colin Cant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nimrod_(comics)=Nimrod (comics)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_M._Kennedy=David M. Kennedy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gina_Torres=Gina Torres
http://dbpedia.org/resource/S._Haunani_Apoliona=S. Haunani Apoliona
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mililani_Trask=Mililani Trask
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saddam_Kamel=Saddam Kamel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zackquill_Morgan=Zackquill Morgan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mark_Strong=Mark Strong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_B._Haight=David B. Haight
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samir_Abd_al-Aziz=Samir Abd al-Aziz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theodor_Martens=Theodor Martens
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frances_D._Fergusson=Frances D. Fergusson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Al_Mansur_Qalawun=Al Mansur Qalawun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_K._Kunowsky=George K. Kunowsky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abid_Hamid_Mahmud=Abid Hamid Mahmud
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mary_Lambert=Mary Lambert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amanda_Platell=Amanda Platell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philip_Pocock=Philip Pocock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friedrich_Heer=Friedrich Heer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Win_Brockmeyer=Win Brockmeyer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Raziel=David Raziel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Malcolm_Gordon=Malcolm Gordon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roxie_Roker=Roxie Roker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diana_Doherty=Diana Doherty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Urara_Takano=Urara Takano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moses_Sherman=Moses Sherman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Fraser_(British_politician)=John Fraser (British politician)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kenyu_Horiuchi=Kenyu Horiuchi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mami_Koyama=Mami Koyama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Takeshi_Kusao=Takeshi Kusao
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nozomu_Sasaki=Nozomu Sasaki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Nicholson_(chemist)=William Nicholson (chemist)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paula_Ben-Gurion=Paula Ben-Gurion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Spencer=Joseph Spencer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leslie_Moonves=Leslie Moonves
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Denise_Batcheff=Denise Batcheff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prabhat_Ranjan_Sarkar=Prabhat Ranjan Sarkar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gustave_Boissonade=Gustave Boissonade
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Erik_Spiekermann=Erik Spiekermann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samuel_Botsford_Buckley=Samuel Botsford Buckley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harry_Price=Harry Price
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Christopher_McCook=Henry Christopher McCook
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Felix_Santschi=Felix Santschi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ehm_Welk=Ehm Welk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Harlan=Richard Harlan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Red_Prysock=Red Prysock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carter_Burwell=Carter Burwell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hans_Much=Hans Much
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carlos_Paredes=Carlos Paredes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karl_Muck=Karl Muck
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frederick_H._Mueller=Frederick H. Mueller
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martin_Attlee,_2nd_Earl_Attlee=Martin Attlee, 2nd Earl Attlee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sa%60id_al-Mufti=Sa`id al-Mufti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mohammed_al-Qahtani=Mohammed al-Qahtani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Russell_Means=Russell Means
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christian_Wulff=Christian Wulff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Muhammad_III_as-Sadiq=Muhammad III as-Sadiq
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Muhammad_IV_al-Hadi=Muhammad IV al-Hadi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Muhammad_V_an-Nasir=Muhammad V an-Nasir
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Muhammad_VI_al-Habib=Muhammad VI al-Habib
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Muhammad_VII_al-Munsif=Muhammad VII al-Munsif
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gerhard_Glogowski=Gerhard Glogowski
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stefan_Quandt=Stefan Quandt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Zaffis=John Zaffis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lisa_Donahue=Lisa Donahue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sir_John_Rose,_1st_Baronet=Sir John Rose, 1st Baronet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Alexander_Macdonald=William Alexander Macdonald
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sean_Maher=Sean Maher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Foekje_Dillema=Foekje Dillema
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Julie_Chen=Julie Chen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Andrew_Davidson=John Andrew Davidson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_M._Bowers=Peter M. Bowers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ron_Glass=Ron Glass
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Fisher_(Manitoba_politician)=James Fisher (Manitoba politician)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Farey,_Sr.=John Farey, Sr.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sidney_Davidoff=Sidney Davidoff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Albert_Manning_Aikins=James Albert Manning Aikins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albert_Prefontaine=Albert Prefontaine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zerah_Colburn_(math_prodigy)=Zerah Colburn (math prodigy)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Gardiner_Willis=Richard Gardiner Willis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Thomas_Haig=John Thomas Haig
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luigi_Cocilovo=Luigi Cocilovo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harry_Tierney=Harry Tierney
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ingo_Friedrich=Ingo Friedrich
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leslie_Stuart=Leslie Stuart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stephen_Flaherty=Stephen Flaherty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Francis_Bentley=John Francis Bentley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Korn_(computer_scientist)=David Korn (computer scientist)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lynn_Ahrens=Lynn Ahrens
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sylvia-Yvonne_Kaufmann=Sylvia-Yvonne Kaufmann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mary_Midgley=Mary Midgley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dagmar_Roth-Behrendt=Dagmar Roth-Behrendt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alejo_Vidal-Quadras_Roca=Alejo Vidal-Quadras Roca
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antonios_Trakatellis=Antonios Trakatellis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jerry_Meyers=Jerry Meyers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrew_C._Greenberg=Andrew C. Greenberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Fauconnet=Paul Fauconnet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Schneider_(stage_actor)=John Schneider (stage actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Helen_Baxendale=Helen Baxendale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benjamin_H._Brewster=Benjamin H. Brewster
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Azaria_Chamberlain=Azaria Chamberlain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Watt_Gregory=Thomas Watt Gregory
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Knobel=Edward Knobel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tamer_Nafar=Tamer Nafar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lindy_Chamberlain-Creighton=Lindy Chamberlain-Creighton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philip_Francis_Thomas=Philip Francis Thomas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inga_Swenson=Inga Swenson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dan_Blocker=Dan Blocker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Job_(biblical_figure)=Job (biblical figure)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silas_Weir_Mitchell=Silas Weir Mitchell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wang_Bingzhang=Wang Bingzhang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Judith_Malina=Judith Malina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Russell_Arms=Russell Arms
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antipope_Theodoric=Antipope Theodoric
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Chaikin=Joseph Chaikin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antipope_Sylvester_IV=Antipope Sylvester IV
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Hibbert_Tupper=Charles Hibbert Tupper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albert_of_Saxony_(philosopher)=Albert of Saxony (philosopher)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Betty_Edwards=Betty Edwards
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antipope_Adalbert=Antipope Adalbert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lisa_Miller_(singer-songwriter)=Lisa Miller (singer-songwriter)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Huang_Qi=Huang Qi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andre_Gregory=Andre Gregory
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elias_Hicks=Elias Hicks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Randy_Steven_Kraft=Randy Steven Kraft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Morris_Fuller_Benton=Morris Fuller Benton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_M._Meredith=William M. Meredith
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_W._Barr=Joseph W. Barr
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Murder_of_Lori_Hacking=Murder of Lori Hacking
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johnny_Hayes=Johnny Hayes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mehmood_Ali=Mehmood Ali
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Banham=John Banham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Teniers_the_Elder=David Teniers the Elder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christopher_Daykin=Christopher Daykin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isaac_van_Ostade=Isaac van Ostade
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacobus_Houbraken=Jacobus Houbraken
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dan_Piraro=Dan Piraro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cornelis_Cort=Cornelis Cort
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jan_Gossaert=Jan Gossaert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jonathan_Rhys_Meyers=Jonathan Rhys Meyers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frans_Floris=Frans Floris
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Gallico=Paul Gallico
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leonard_Trelawny_Hobhouse=Leonard Trelawny Hobhouse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Polidoro_da_Caravaggio=Polidoro da Caravaggio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilhelm_Paul_Corssen=Wilhelm Paul Corssen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Veno_Pilon=Veno Pilon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gosia_Dobrowolska=Gosia Dobrowolska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sophie_Lee=Sophie Lee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Franz_Felix_Adalbert_Kuhn=Franz Felix Adalbert Kuhn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swami_Prabhavananda=Swami Prabhavananda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alex_Dimitriades=Alex Dimitriades
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Noah_Taylor=Noah Taylor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nick_Giannopoulos=Nick Giannopoulos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rose_Byrne=Rose Byrne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ben_Mendelsohn=Ben Mendelsohn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michiel_Coxie=Michiel Coxie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Girolamo_Muziano=Girolamo Muziano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ron_Perlman=Ron Perlman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ulysses_Ricci=Ulysses Ricci
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicolas_Toussaint_Charlet=Nicolas Toussaint Charlet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martin_Wiener=Martin Wiener
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mary_Delahunty=Mary Delahunty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Auguste_Raffet=Auguste Raffet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marian_Albertovich_Kowalski=Marian Albertovich Kowalski
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Schreier=Peter Schreier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antoine-Louis_Barye=Antoine-Louis Barye
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Kinsella_(poet)=John Kinsella (poet)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean-Hippolyte_Flandrin=Jean-Hippolyte Flandrin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Afrikan_Nikolaevich_Krishtofovich=Afrikan Nikolaevich Krishtofovich
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buford_Ellington=Buford Ellington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis_Hersent=Louis Hersent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roger_Dudley=Roger Dudley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glyn_Maxwell=Glyn Maxwell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeremiah_Joyce=Jeremiah Joyce
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arthur_Caplan=Arthur Caplan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hwang_Young-cho=Hwang Young-cho
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Gawenda=Michael Gawenda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Denys_Johnson-Davies=Denys Johnson-Davies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfredo_Casella=Alfredo Casella
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Linda_Gray=Linda Gray
http://dbpedia.org/resource/R._A._Schwaller_de_Lubicz=R. A. Schwaller de Lubicz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Terrence_Trammell=Terrence Trammell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bob_Essery=Bob Essery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Girolamo_Diruta=Girolamo Diruta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Costanzo_Porta=Costanzo Porta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Claudio_Merulo=Claudio Merulo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Curtis_Frye=Curtis Frye
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeanne_Guyon=Jeanne Guyon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yang_Kaihui=Yang Kaihui
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lauren_Hutton=Lauren Hutton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hope_Cooke=Hope Cooke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Grant_(author)=Richard Grant (author)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ron_Milner=Ron Milner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Friedrich_Julius_Schmidt=Johann Friedrich Julius Schmidt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kim_Alexis=Kim Alexis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mao_Zemin=Mao Zemin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wail_al-Shehri=Wail al-Shehri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Burling_Hull=Burling Hull
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hugh_Robson_(politician)=Hugh Robson (politician)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Horace_Hayman_Wilson=Horace Hayman Wilson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Breakey=James Breakey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/E._Arnot_Robertson=E. Arnot Robertson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liu_Di=Liu Di
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antonia_Forest=Antonia Forest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benedetto_Castelli=Benedetto Castelli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Red_McCombs=Red McCombs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Randhir_Singh_(Sikh)=Randhir Singh (Sikh)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Rowling=Robert Rowling
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Viv_Nicholson=Viv Nicholson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martin_Mull=Martin Mull
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antler_(poet)=Antler (poet)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mark_B._Wise=Mark B. Wise
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glenn_Cunningham_(athlete)=Glenn Cunningham (athlete)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_Hovland=Carl Hovland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cosimo_Boscaglia=Cosimo Boscaglia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colin_Mackenzie=Colin Mackenzie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scott_Cunningham=Scott Cunningham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Rose_(UK_politician)=Paul Rose (UK politician)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patience_Agbabi=Patience Agbabi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ken_Keyes,_Jr.=Ken Keyes, Jr.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Morris,_Baron_Morris_of_Grasmere=Charles Morris, Baron Morris of Grasmere
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adam_Garcia=Adam Garcia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roy_Mason=Roy Mason
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gavril_Sarychev=Gavril Sarychev
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ilya_Berezhnykh=Ilya Berezhnykh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierre_Batcheff=Pierre Batcheff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacques_Davy_Duperron=Jacques Davy Duperron
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philippe_Desportes=Philippe Desportes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/He_Jin=He Jin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Empress_He_(Han_dynasty)=Empress He (Han dynasty)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reinhold_Remmert=Reinhold Remmert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean-Christian_Michel=Jean-Christian Michel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mao_Zetan=Mao Zetan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joan_Vollmer=Joan Vollmer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_DePaiva=James DePaiva
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Mandan=Robert Mandan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elizabeth_Seymour,_Baroness_Cromwell=Elizabeth Seymour, Baroness Cromwell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ginette_Neveu=Ginette Neveu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marcelle_Lender=Marcelle Lender
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Khariton_Laptev=Khariton Laptev
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dmitry_Laptev=Dmitry Laptev
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marilyn_Chris=Marilyn Chris
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tommy_John=Tommy John
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boris_Vilkitsky=Boris Vilkitsky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yoshikazu_Yasuhiko=Yoshikazu Yasuhiko
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Virginia_Rappe=Virginia Rappe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karna=Karna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Margaret_Lee_(lady-in-waiting)=Margaret Lee (lady-in-waiting)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Hemming_(explorer)=John Hemming (explorer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sophia_Perovskaya=Sophia Perovskaya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilfred_Josephs=Wilfred Josephs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wincenty_Witos=Wincenty Witos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tristram_Cary=Tristram Cary
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Murdoch_Mackay=Murdoch Mackay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Campbell_(Manitoba_politician)=David Campbell (Manitoba politician)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aristarkh_Belopolsky=Aristarkh Belopolsky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_M._Humphrey=George M. Humphrey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Wesley_Snyder_(US_Cabinet_Secretary)=John Wesley Snyder (US Cabinet Secretary)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Snyder_(actor)=John Snyder (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carole_Stone=Carole Stone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daniel_Manning=Daniel Manning
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_S._Fairchild=Charles S. Fairchild
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mohand_al-Shehri=Mohand al-Shehri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Felicity_LaFortune=Felicity LaFortune
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean-Paul_L'Allier=Jean-Paul L'Allier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Murder_of_Scott_Amedure=Murder of Scott Amedure
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fyodor_Matyushkin=Fyodor Matyushkin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Josiah_P._Wilbarger=Josiah P. Wilbarger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yelena_Baturina=Yelena Baturina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Senait_Ashenafi=Senait Ashenafi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ricardo_Elizondo_Elizondo=Ricardo Elizondo Elizondo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_J._LeBar=James J. LeBar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Malachi_Martin=Malachi Martin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walter_Halloran=Walter Halloran
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lochlyn_Munro=Lochlyn Munro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_S._Bowdern=William S. Bowdern
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Hughes_(exorcist)=Edward Hughes (exorcist)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Heier=Peter Heier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karl-Hermann_Flach=Karl-Hermann Flach
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dirk_Verhofstadt=Dirk Verhofstadt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guido_Borelli=Guido Borelli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Grant_(British_politician)=George Grant (British politician)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Cockcroft_(politician)=John Cockcroft (politician)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michio_Kushi=Michio Kushi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Betty_Ross=Betty Ross
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicolaas_Jacobus_de_Wet=Nicolaas Jacobus de Wet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Brown_(Scottish_politician)=Robert Brown (Scottish politician)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sydney_Buxton,_1st_Earl_Buxton=Sydney Buxton, 1st Earl Buxton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Brown_(English_politician)=Robert Brown (English politician)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Cross=Peter Cross
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Murathan_Mungan=Murathan Mungan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chris_Stewart_(author)=Chris Stewart (author)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dawn_Upshaw=Dawn Upshaw
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edmond_Leburton=Edmond Leburton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roland_Mesnier=Roland Mesnier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Murray_Perahia=Murray Perahia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Debbie_McGee=Debbie McGee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vesselina_Kasarova=Vesselina Kasarova
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philippe_Douste-Blazy=Philippe Douste-Blazy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilhelm_Maurenbrecher=Wilhelm Maurenbrecher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rousas_Rushdoony=Rousas Rushdoony
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vidal_Sassoon=Vidal Sassoon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jim_Sheridan=Jim Sheridan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alan_Rawsthorne=Alan Rawsthorne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elizabeth_Maconchy=Elizabeth Maconchy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hermann_of_Reichenau=Hermann of Reichenau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lennox_Berkeley=Lennox Berkeley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Al-Battani=Al-Battani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Troy_Hurtubise=Troy Hurtubise
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sivaji_Ganesan=Sivaji Ganesan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Cranford=Michael Cranford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Price_(Royalist_colonel)=William Price (Royalist colonel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Price_(industrialist)=William Price (industrialist)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Kaspar_Mertz=Johann Kaspar Mertz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mauro_Giuliani=Mauro Giuliani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pamela_Frank=Pamela Frank
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Price_(physician)=William Price (physician)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/K._Balachander=K. Balachander
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sir_John_Rodgers,_1st_Baronet=Sir John Rodgers, 1st Baronet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Terry_Waters_(GC)=Terry Waters (GC)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giambattista_Basile=Giambattista Basile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peggy_Wood=Peggy Wood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patrick_Yu=Patrick Yu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oscar_Shumsky=Oscar Shumsky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reuben_Kosgei=Reuben Kosgei
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Eustace_McCulloch=Henry Eustace McCulloch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fred_T._Jane=Fred T. Jane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Satam_al-Suqami=Satam al-Suqami
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georgy_Sedov=Georgy Sedov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Barbour=James Barbour
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patrick_Duffy_(British_politician)=Patrick Duffy (British politician)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vicki_Lawrence=Vicki Lawrence
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Erskine_(educator)=John Erskine (educator)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Dortch=Richard Dortch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_De_Morgan=William De Morgan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Carr=Robert Carr
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meyer_Levin=Meyer Levin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Judy_Lewis=Judy Lewis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arnold_Mindell=Arnold Mindell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theophilus_Riesinger=Theophilus Riesinger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Klark_Graham=Robert Klark Graham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Celestine_Kapsner=Celestine Kapsner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frans_Suell=Frans Suell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fred_Dixon=Fred Dixon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stephen_Ross,_Baron_Ross_of_Newport=Stephen Ross, Baron Ross of Newport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lowry_Mays=Lowry Mays
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vasily_Golovnin=Vasily Golovnin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tamara_Braun=Tamara Braun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ivan_M._Niven=Ivan M. Niven
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilson_Boit_Kipketer=Wilson Boit Kipketer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sarah_Joy_Brown=Sarah Joy Brown
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gavriil_Pribylov=Gavriil Pribylov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oswald_Lohse=Oswald Lohse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dennis_Lewiston=Dennis Lewiston
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Erwin_Ringel=Erwin Ringel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Evan_Thornley=Evan Thornley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack_Whyte=Jack Whyte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pam_Dawber=Pam Dawber
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hiroyuki_Wakabayashi=Hiroyuki Wakabayashi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stephen_Groombridge=Stephen Groombridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Troughton=Edward Troughton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_Yakovlev_(Russian_politician)=Alexander Yakovlev (Russian politician)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Simms_(instrument_maker)=William Simms (instrument maker)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Simms=James Simms
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Sheepshanks=Richard Sheepshanks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ben_Moon_(rock_climber)=Ben Moon (rock climber)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Dellschau=Charles Dellschau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Hand=Edward Hand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steven_Hatfill=Steven Hatfill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stella_McCartney=Stella McCartney
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yuriy_Norshteyn=Yuriy Norshteyn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Samuel_Stratford=William Samuel Stratford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Newton_(athlete)=Robert Newton (athlete)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aleksandr_Petrov_(animator)=Aleksandr Petrov (animator)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paolo_Matthiae=Paolo Matthiae
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Celia_Imrie=Celia Imrie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Bolam=James Bolam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tony_Frangieh=Tony Frangieh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keith_Waterhouse=Keith Waterhouse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mike_Curb=Mike Curb
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ned_Sherrin=Ned Sherrin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jimmy_Snyder=Jimmy Snyder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grigory_Shelikhov=Grigory Shelikhov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sherwood_Schwartz=Sherwood Schwartz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Cummings_(musician)=David Cummings (musician)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aelius_Theon=Aelius Theon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vincent_Descombes=Vincent Descombes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sullivan_brothers=Sullivan brothers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Stanley,_3rd_Earl_of_Derby=Edward Stanley, 3rd Earl of Derby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yakov_Sannikov=Yakov Sannikov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emilio_Fede=Emilio Fede
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matvei_Gedenschtrom=Matvei Gedenschtrom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Haven_Kimmel=Haven Kimmel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yakov_Permyakov=Yakov Permyakov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Beckinsale=Richard Beckinsale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Helen_Caldicott=Helen Caldicott
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chris_Rawlinson=Chris Rawlinson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chayito_Valdez=Chayito Valdez
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lorcan_Cranitch=Lorcan Cranitch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Clark_(British_diplomat)=James Clark (British diplomat)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Donald_Crowhurst=Donald Crowhurst
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karl_Blodig=Karl Blodig
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coleman_Francis=Coleman Francis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Pritchard=Paul Pritchard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caspar_Netscher=Caspar Netscher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vassili_Poyarkov=Vassili Poyarkov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_East_(athlete)=Michael East (athlete)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tyrone_Guthrie=Tyrone Guthrie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_H._McClure=James H. McClure
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Victor_Grayson=Victor Grayson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wendy_M._Grossman=Wendy M. Grossman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yerofey_Khabarov=Yerofey Khabarov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dmitry_Ovtsyn=Dmitry Ovtsyn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Geronimo_Pratt=Geronimo Pratt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Queen=John Queen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gregor_Fisher=Gregor Fisher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albert_Cohen=Albert Cohen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apsley_Cherry-Garrard=Apsley Cherry-Garrard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sylvia_Daoust=Sylvia Daoust
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harry_Smith_(journalist)=Harry Smith (journalist)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Dunlop_(Unionist_politician)=John Dunlop (Unionist politician)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steve_Brozak=Steve Brozak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silpium=Silpium
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_P._McGranery=James P. McGranery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maggie_Roswell=Maggie Roswell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Robson_(Canadian_politician)=William Robson (Canadian politician)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kevin_Kerr_(actor)=Kevin Kerr (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Goodman=George Goodman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nikita_Ivanovich_Panin=Nikita Ivanovich Panin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Alan_Stevenson=David Alan Stevenson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Alexander_Stevenson=Charles Alexander Stevenson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fawcett_G._Taylor=Fawcett G. Taylor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lance_Woolaver=Lance Woolaver
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Stevenson=Thomas Stevenson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alan_Stevenson=Alan Stevenson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Earl_Tupper=Earl Tupper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_W._Griggs=John W. Griggs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_H._H._Miller=William H. H. Miller
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hans_E._Lau=Hans E. Lau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Cooke_(machinist)=Thomas Cooke (machinist)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_W._Wickersham=George W. Wickersham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Farmer_(composer)=John Farmer (composer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Timotheus_(general)=Timotheus (general)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gueorgui_Otyrba=Gueorgui Otyrba
http://dbpedia.org/resource/R._William_Patterson=R. William Patterson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Edward_Hughes=David Edward Hughes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Tait_(mayor)=Peter Tait (mayor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_of_Biclaro=John of Biclaro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Teddy_Kollek=Teddy Kollek
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kapila_Vatsyayan=Kapila Vatsyayan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Roberts_(journalist)=John Roberts (journalist)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stanislaus_Mink_von_Wennsshein=Stanislaus Mink von Wennsshein
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sidney_Greene,_Baron_Greene_of_Harrow_Weald=Sidney Greene, Baron Greene of Harrow Weald
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marcus_Valerius_Messalla_Barbatus=Marcus Valerius Messalla Barbatus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pamela_Wallin=Pamela Wallin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maximilian_Berlitz=Maximilian Berlitz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peder_Kolstad=Peder Kolstad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mario_R._Ramil=Mario R. Ramil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_Paul_Lemieux=Jean Paul Lemieux
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Hall_(British_Conservative_politician)=John Hall (British Conservative politician)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Count_Leopold_Berchtold=Count Leopold Berchtold
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sydenham_Edwards=Sydenham Edwards
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ram_Oren=Ram Oren
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Guest=Richard Guest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bart_Somers=Bart Somers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gaetano_Polidori=Gaetano Polidori
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Glover_(actor)=John Glover (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Dowse=Thomas Dowse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kay_Cottee=Kay Cottee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Wearing=Michael Wearing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fyodor_Minin=Fyodor Minin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacques_Roux=Jacques Roux
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alain_Sailhac=Alain Sailhac
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Woodward=Edward Woodward
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bud_Cort=Bud Cort
http://dbpedia.org/resource/K._C._Constantine=K. C. Constantine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harrison_Marks=Harrison Marks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dominicus_Gundissalinus=Dominicus Gundissalinus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ron_MacLean=Ron MacLean
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norman_Sperling=Norman Sperling
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ed_Wasser=Ed Wasser
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Carroll_(Tennessee_politician)=William Carroll (Tennessee politician)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brian_Wilde=Brian Wilde
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kendall_Hailey=Kendall Hailey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_Jacoby=Jean Jacoby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Erich_Koch=Erich Koch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dewitt_Clinton_Senter=Dewitt Clinton Senter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fred_LaRue=Fred LaRue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfred_Neubauer=Alfred Neubauer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Trousdale=William Trousdale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gaston_Tissandier=Gaston Tissandier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_H._East=Edward H. East
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Per_Brinch_Hansen=Per Brinch Hansen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Thewlis=David Thewlis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lisa_Eilbacher=Lisa Eilbacher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Joel_Glanton=John Joel Glanton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jim_Callaghan_(Lancashire_politician)=Jim Callaghan (Lancashire politician)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jennifer_Tilly=Jennifer Tilly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martin_Redmond=Martin Redmond
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Habersham=Joseph Habersham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Boyce=James Boyce
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benjamin_W._Crowninshield=Benjamin W. Crowninshield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alan_Reed=Alan Reed
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gordon_Browning=Gordon Browning
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Goerens=Charles Goerens
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Holmes_(musician)=David Holmes (musician)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rosemary_Prinz=Rosemary Prinz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prentice_Cooper=Prentice Cooper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lydie_Polfer=Lydie Polfer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Troy_Kennedy_Martin=Troy Kennedy Martin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robin_Sachs=Robin Sachs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carmine_DeSapio=Carmine DeSapio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benjamin_Briggs=Benjamin Briggs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacob_de_Wit=Jacob de Wit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bill_McKnight=Bill McKnight
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emmanuel_Milingo=Emmanuel Milingo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edwin_Augustus_Stevens=Edwin Augustus Stevens
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Bancroft_(actor)=George Bancroft (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Tite=William Tite
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brendan_Bracken,_1st_Viscount_Bracken=Brendan Bracken, 1st Viscount Bracken
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ruth_Krauss=Ruth Krauss
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elbert_D._Thomas=Elbert D. Thomas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ian_Kennedy_Martin=Ian Kennedy Martin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Herbie_Nichols=Herbie Nichols
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wallace_F._Bennett=Wallace F. Bennett
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Art_Bergmann=Art Bergmann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Georg_Palitzsch=Johann Georg Palitzsch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alex_Borstein=Alex Borstein
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Violet_Carson=Violet Carson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samuel_M._Shortridge=Samuel M. Shortridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ivan_Silayev=Ivan Silayev
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hans_A._Pestalozzi=Hans A. Pestalozzi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jan_Brown=Jan Brown
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hans_Leo_Hassler=Hans Leo Hassler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hugo_Strange=Hugo Strange
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_E._Jones=Edward E. Jones
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nikolai_Rubinstein=Nikolai Rubinstein
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frederick_Hanley_Seares=Frederick Hanley Seares
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eise_Eisinga=Eise Eisinga
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfred_Harrison_Joy=Alfred Harrison Joy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Akiko_Yajima=Akiko Yajima
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edwin_Ernest_Salpeter=Edwin Ernest Salpeter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilson_Lowry=Wilson Lowry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walter_Legge=Walter Legge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bill_Schonely=Bill Schonely
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Wilson_Lowry=Joseph Wilson Lowry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oscar_Gustave_Rejlander=Oscar Gustave Rejlander
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Neroli_Fairhall=Neroli Fairhall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Khamsing_Srinawk=Khamsing Srinawk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mollie_Monroe=Mollie Monroe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Daul=Joseph Daul
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Szabolcs_Fazakas=Szabolcs Fazakas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ralph_T._H._Griffith=Ralph T. H. Griffith
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cyril_Radcliffe,_1st_Viscount_Radcliffe=Cyril Radcliffe, 1st Viscount Radcliffe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean-Louis_Bourlanges=Jean-Louis Bourlanges
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nikolaos_Sifounakis=Nikolaos Sifounakis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jo_Leinen=Jo Leinen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luisa_Morgantini=Luisa Morgantini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karl-Heinz_Florenz=Karl-Heinz Florenz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Margaret_Leiteritz=Margaret Leiteritz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jim_Nance_McCord=Jim Nance McCord
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mikhas_Klimkovich=Mikhas Klimkovich
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philippe_Morillon=Philippe Morillon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gustav_Ernesaks=Gustav Ernesaks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Conrad_Dippel=Johann Conrad Dippel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christian_Otto_Mohr=Christian Otto Mohr
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edolphus_Towns=Edolphus Towns
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_L._Caruthers=Robert L. Caruthers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jackson_Beck=Jackson Beck
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wang_Chongyang=Wang Chongyang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adam_Goldberg=Adam Goldberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexandre_Exquemelin=Alexandre Exquemelin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_C._Jones=James C. Jones
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gleb_Kotelnikov=Gleb Kotelnikov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aaron_V._Brown=Aaron V. Brown
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reginald_Tate=Reginald Tate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Neill_S._Brown=Neill S. Brown
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_B._Campbell=William B. Campbell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arthur_Chichester,_1st_Marquess_of_Donegall=Arthur Chichester, 1st Marquess of Donegall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ken_Miller_(Montana_politician)=Ken Miller (Montana politician)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isham_G._Harris=Isham G. Harris
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pat_Phoenix=Pat Phoenix
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Chichester,_2nd_Marquess_of_Donegall=George Chichester, 2nd Marquess of Donegall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diane-Louise_Jordan=Diane-Louise Jordan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Sanford_Evans=William Sanford Evans
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marilyn_Milian=Marilyn Milian
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raymond_J._Bishop=Raymond J. Bishop
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrew_Taylor_(author)=Andrew Taylor (author)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shirley_Franklin=Shirley Franklin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lawrence_Kenny=Lawrence Kenny
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christopher_Heinz=Christopher Heinz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dicks=Dicks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Margot_Bryant=Margot Bryant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lottie_Shackelford=Lottie Shackelford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tatsuo_Endo=Tatsuo Endo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_A._Burstein=Michael A. Burstein
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Errick_Willis=Errick Willis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antoine_Coypel=Antoine Coypel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Franz_von_Lenbach=Franz von Lenbach
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Paul_Tremblay=John Paul Tremblay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karl_von_Piloty=Karl von Piloty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Julius_Schnorr_von_Carolsfeld=Julius Schnorr von Carolsfeld
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Bramwell_Evens=George Bramwell Evens
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_von_Cornelius=Peter von Cornelius
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stanley_Fox=Stanley Fox
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_Patey=Tom Patey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter,_Sue_and_Marc=Peter, Sue and Marc
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friedrich_Wilhelm_Schadow=Friedrich Wilhelm Schadow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Gottfried_Schadow=Johann Gottfried Schadow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dado_Banatao=Dado Banatao
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrei_Sinyavsky=Andrei Sinyavsky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ancient_planter=Ancient planter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacob_Froese=Jacob Froese
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reynolds_Price=Reynolds Price
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bob_Guiney=Bob Guiney
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rebecca_Budig=Rebecca Budig
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mary_Cheney=Mary Cheney
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Camillo_Castiglioni=Camillo Castiglioni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Serge_Vohor=Serge Vohor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ondina_Valla=Ondina Valla
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Josias_Moli=Josias Moli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_C._Brown=John C. Brown
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Teddy_Riley_(jazz)=Teddy Riley (jazz)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_Siddon=Tom Siddon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Y._P._Varshni=Y. P. Varshni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gwerful_Mechain=Gwerful Mechain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mentore_Maggini=Mentore Maggini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frances_Heflin=Frances Heflin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rena_Vlahopoulou=Rena Vlahopoulou
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wen_Tong=Wen Tong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stephen_Bray=Stephen Bray
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Niki_Haris=Niki Haris
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Camilo_Torres_Restrepo=Camilo Torres Restrepo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/He_Zizhen=He Zizhen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marilyn_Martin=Marilyn Martin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Candido_Amantini=Candido Amantini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Lipton=James Lipton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chico_Xavier=Chico Xavier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilfred_Jacobs=Wilfred Jacobs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anthony_Benezet=Anthony Benezet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_Roberts=Tom Roberts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Foreman=Richard Foreman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samuel_Garth=Samuel Garth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eugene_Jarvis=Eugene Jarvis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joachim_Kroll=Joachim Kroll
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Van_Der_Zee=James Van Der Zee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Olive_Oatman=Olive Oatman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Akira_Ifukube=Akira Ifukube
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Conny_Bauer=Conny Bauer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hill_McAlister=Hill McAlister
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Gee_(murderer)=George Gee (murderer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Hollis_Horton=Henry Hollis Horton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gene_Moore_(window_dresser)=Gene Moore (window dresser)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oscar_van_Dillen=Oscar van Dillen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andreas_Kunstein=Andreas Kunstein
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kenneth_Lewis_Anderson=Kenneth Lewis Anderson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theodor_Duesterberg=Theodor Duesterberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Chichester,_3rd_Marquess_of_Donegall=George Chichester, 3rd Marquess of Donegall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Chichester,_4th_Marquess_of_Donegall=Edward Chichester, 4th Marquess of Donegall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tappan_Adney=Tappan Adney
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Dean_(engineer)=William Dean (engineer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Minnie_Bell_Sharp=Minnie Bell Sharp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Maynard_Hutchins=Robert Maynard Hutchins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Audrey_Munson=Audrey Munson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Finkelstein=David Finkelstein
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dermot_Chichester,_7th_Marquess_of_Donegall=Dermot Chichester, 7th Marquess of Donegall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harmony_Korine=Harmony Korine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eileen_Fulton=Eileen Fulton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_W._Ferry=Thomas W. Ferry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Larry_Bryggman=Larry Bryggman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Reid,_1st_Earl_Loreburn=Robert Reid, 1st Earl Loreburn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Cocke=William Cocke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lucien_Febvre=Lucien Febvre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kris_Holm=Kris Holm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Norman_Shaw=Richard Norman Shaw
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tawny_Kitaen=Tawny Kitaen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laura_Fraser=Laura Fraser
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ali_Abbasi=Ali Abbasi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kevin_Carter=Kevin Carter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Linda_Lee_Thomas=Linda Lee Thomas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrea_Jung=Andrea Jung
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marguerite_Moreau=Marguerite Moreau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Robert_Waterhouse=George Robert Waterhouse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chris_Sharma=Chris Sharma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arthur_Goldreich=Arthur Goldreich
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arthur_Chichester,_4th_Baron_Templemore=Arthur Chichester, 4th Baron Templemore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_C._Wells=John C. Wells
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reginald_Brett,_2nd_Viscount_Esher=Reginald Brett, 2nd Viscount Esher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paulo_Pancatuccio=Paulo Pancatuccio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Sankey,_1st_Viscount_Sankey=John Sankey, 1st Viscount Sankey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/S._E._Rogers=S. E. Rogers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glen_Keane=Glen Keane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Errett_Lobban_Cord=Errett Lobban Cord
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nick_Scotti=Nick Scotti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karl_Koecher=Karl Koecher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arthur_Chichester,_1st_Baron_Templemore=Arthur Chichester, 1st Baron Templemore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kazuki_Yao=Kazuki Yao
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oleg_Kalugin=Oleg Kalugin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mary_Ann_Oatman=Mary Ann Oatman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arthur_Chichester,_3rd_Earl_of_Donegall=Arthur Chichester, 3rd Earl of Donegall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arthur_Chichester,_2nd_Earl_of_Donegall=Arthur Chichester, 2nd Earl of Donegall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ludmila_of_Bohemia=Ludmila of Bohemia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arthur_Chichester,_1st_Earl_of_Donegall=Arthur Chichester, 1st Earl of Donegall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dun_Mihaka=Dun Mihaka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Virginia_Bruce=Virginia Bruce
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Chichester,_1st_Viscount_Chichester=Edward Chichester, 1st Viscount Chichester
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tommy_Ivo=Tommy Ivo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don_Mischer=Don Mischer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pinto_Colvig=Pinto Colvig
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Tamihere=John Tamihere
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Penny_Arcade_(performer)=Penny Arcade (performer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Geoffrey_Hughes=Geoffrey Hughes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Son_Sen=Son Sen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zara_Cully=Zara Cully
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kaiser_Matanzima=Kaiser Matanzima
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicole_Appleton=Nicole Appleton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DeDe_Lind=DeDe Lind
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_R._MacArthur=John R. MacArthur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ernesto_Bertarelli=Ernesto Bertarelli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sir_Charles_Sedley,_5th_Baronet=Sir Charles Sedley, 5th Baronet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Maclellan,_1st_Lord_Kirkcudbright=Robert Maclellan, 1st Lord Kirkcudbright
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Robinson_(English_actor)=John Robinson (English actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Killigrew_(playwright)=Henry Killigrew (playwright)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Catherine_Sedley,_Countess_of_Dorchester=Catherine Sedley, Countess of Dorchester
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Maclellan,_2nd_Lord_Kirkcudbright=Thomas Maclellan, 2nd Lord Kirkcudbright
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pran_Kumar_Sharma=Pran Kumar Sharma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Posy_Simmonds=Posy Simmonds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Yates_(politician)=Robert Yates (politician)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Siple=Paul Siple
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chic_Murray=Chic Murray
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Murray_(poet)=Charles Murray (poet)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Fairbairn=William Fairbairn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hayne_van_Ghizeghem=Hayne van Ghizeghem
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chuck_Finley=Chuck Finley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_W._Kemp=James W. Kemp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alessandro_Peretti_di_Montalto=Alessandro Peretti di Montalto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_D._Sneed=Joseph D. Sneed
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Campbell,_1st_Baron_Glenavy=James Campbell, 1st Baron Glenavy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emily_Mortimer=Emily Mortimer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Liberace=George Liberace
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leslie_Morris=Leslie Morris
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Gibson,_1st_Baron_Ashbourne=Edward Gibson, 1st Baron Ashbourne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don_Murray_(actor)=Don Murray (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barry_Van_Dyke=Barry Van Dyke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antoine_Busnois=Antoine Busnois
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patrick_Campbell,_3rd_Baron_Glenavy=Patrick Campbell, 3rd Baron Glenavy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arturo_Ripstein=Arturo Ripstein
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jaime_Humberto_Hermosillo=Jaime Humberto Hermosillo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Swift_(actor)=David Swift (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joe_Whalen=Joe Whalen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Neil_Pearson=Neil Pearson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Horace_Wells=Horace Wells
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Max_Weber_(artist)=Max Weber (artist)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marsha_Hunt_(singer_and_novelist)=Marsha Hunt (singer and novelist)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frankie_Manning=Frankie Manning
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ayaan_Hirsi_Ali=Ayaan Hirsi Ali
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hans-Christian_Schmid=Hans-Christian Schmid
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Herbig=Michael Herbig
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Vilsmaier=Joseph Vilsmaier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Helmut_Dietl=Helmut Dietl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Veit_Harlan=Veit Harlan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frank_Beyer=Frank Beyer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marsha_Hunt_(actress)=Marsha Hunt (actress)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Detlev_Buck=Detlev Buck
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walter_VI,_Count_of_Brienne=Walter VI, Count of Brienne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wolfgang_Staudte=Wolfgang Staudte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luis_Trenker=Luis Trenker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Margarethe_von_Trotta=Margarethe von Trotta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/J._Allen_Hynek=J. Allen Hynek
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gotse_Delchev=Gotse Delchev
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Winant=William Winant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hal_Holbrook=Hal Holbrook
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alec_Rose=Alec Rose
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Otto_A._Knopp=Otto A. Knopp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Dundas_(governor)=Charles Dundas (governor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francis_A._Marzen=Francis A. Marzen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marealle=Marealle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manuel_Franquelo=Manuel Franquelo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Marealle=Thomas Marealle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marton_Csokas=Marton Csokas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Maclellan,_3rd_Lord_Kirkcudbright=John Maclellan, 3rd Lord Kirkcudbright
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aigars_Fadejevs=Aigars Fadejevs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yootha_Joyce=Yootha Joyce
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maria_Beatty=Maria Beatty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nellie_Lutcher=Nellie Lutcher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Willem_van_Mieris=Willem van Mieris
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frans_van_Mieris_the_Younger=Frans van Mieris the Younger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maria_Schneider_(actress)=Maria Schneider (actress)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gaetano_Milanesi=Gaetano Milanesi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benedetto_Bonfigli=Benedetto Bonfigli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Archer_Crowe=Joseph Archer Crowe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fiorenzo_di_Lorenzo=Fiorenzo di Lorenzo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eyre_Evans_Crowe=Eyre Evans Crowe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benozzo_Gozzoli=Benozzo Gozzoli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Filippo_Lippi=Filippo Lippi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bryce_Dallas_Howard=Bryce Dallas Howard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Macnaghten,_Baron_Macnaghten=Edward Macnaghten, Baron Macnaghten
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fra_Diamante=Fra Diamante
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lo_Spagna=Lo Spagna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Girolamo_del_Pacchia=Girolamo del Pacchia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Franciabigio=Franciabigio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michelozzo=Michelozzo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ronald_McNeill,_1st_Baron_Cushendun=Ronald McNeill, 1st Baron Cushendun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Julian_Slade=Julian Slade
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Casken=John Casken
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philip_Kaufman=Philip Kaufman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_Jones_(writer)=Tom Jones (writer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harvey_Schmidt=Harvey Schmidt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Webb_Follett=William Webb Follett
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Bovill=William Bovill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Li_Fan_(Han_dynasty)=Li Fan (Han dynasty)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fitzroy_Kelly=Fitzroy Kelly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ellen_Auerbach=Ellen Auerbach
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrew_Keir=Andrew Keir
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giacomo_F._Maraldi=Giacomo F. Maraldi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Enguerrand_de_Marigny=Enguerrand de Marigny
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Simon_Goodrich=Simon Goodrich
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Herbert_Dixon,_1st_Baron_Glentoran=Herbert Dixon, 1st Baron Glentoran
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Howell_Pegram=William Howell Pegram
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daniel_Dixon,_2nd_Baron_Glentoran=Daniel Dixon, 2nd Baron Glentoran
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Hare=Joseph Hare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jody_Lynn_Nye=Jody Lynn Nye
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Valerie_Pitts=Valerie Pitts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don_Hastings=Don Hastings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giovanni_de'_Bardi=Giovanni de' Bardi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kellie_Martin=Kellie Martin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brian_Donlevy=Brian Donlevy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shibu_Soren=Shibu Soren
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Annie_Chapman=Annie Chapman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mary_Ann_Nichols=Mary Ann Nichols
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Otto_Witt=Otto Witt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frits_Clausen=Frits Clausen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_L._Kelling=George L. Kelling
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Talbot,_1st_Earl_Talbot=William Talbot, 1st Earl Talbot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Dodington_(died_1720)=George Dodington (died 1720)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edwin_P._Martz=Edwin P. Martz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arthur_Omar=Arthur Omar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_Hamilton,_10th_Duke_of_Hamilton=Alexander Hamilton, 10th Duke of Hamilton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sally_Jessy_Raphael=Sally Jessy Raphael
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ruth_Paine=Ruth Paine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Victoria_Gotti=Victoria Gotti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gary_Webb=Gary Webb
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Guinness,_1st_Earl_of_Iveagh=Edward Guinness, 1st Earl of Iveagh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arthur_Guinness,_1st_Baron_Ardilaun=Arthur Guinness, 1st Baron Ardilaun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Little_(North_Carolina)=George Little (North Carolina)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Judy_Nylon=Judy Nylon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kenneth_Tynan=Kenneth Tynan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benjamin_Guinness=Benjamin Guinness
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Margaret_Leech=Margaret Leech
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ted_Kotcheff=Ted Kotcheff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bruce_Kent=Bruce Kent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sven_Birkerts=Sven Birkerts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Precious_McKenzie=Precious McKenzie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gabrielle_Glaister=Gabrielle Glaister
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rosemary_West=Rosemary West
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reginald_Smith_Brindle=Reginald Smith Brindle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gilbert_Biberian=Gilbert Biberian
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Duncan_Lamont=Duncan Lamont
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Manning=David Manning
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nuri_Bilge_Ceylan=Nuri Bilge Ceylan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edgar_Julius_Jung=Edgar Julius Jung
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Berkeley=Michael Berkeley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexandre_Tansman=Alexandre Tansman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taillefer=Taillefer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Percy,_7th_Duke_of_Northumberland=Henry Percy, 7th Duke of Northumberland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rodney_Yee=Rodney Yee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hans_von_Dellingshausen=Hans von Dellingshausen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Death_of_Blair_Peach=Death of Blair Peach
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Rothschild=Charles Rothschild
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jason_Gardener=Jason Gardener
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Russell_(actor)=William Russell (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yucef_Merhi=Yucef Merhi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacques_Audiberti=Jacques Audiberti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lydia_Koidula=Lydia Koidula
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Herman_Kristoffersen=Herman Kristoffersen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arthur_Blank=Arthur Blank
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Carey_(missionary)=William Carey (missionary)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Genevieve_Gorder=Genevieve Gorder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mitch_Leigh=Mitch Leigh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Schumann=Peter Schumann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_McMillan_(politician)=James McMillan (politician)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vita_Pavlysh=Vita Pavlysh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aleksandr_Pavlovich_Aleksandrov=Aleksandr Pavlovich Aleksandrov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aleksandr_Panayotov_Aleksandrov=Aleksandr Panayotov Aleksandrov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shawn_Crawford=Shawn Crawford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saint_Hunger=Saint Hunger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Radboud_of_Utrecht=Radboud of Utrecht
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Sturgis_Ingraham=Edward Sturgis Ingraham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lan_Medina=Lan Medina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shayne_Culpepper=Shayne Culpepper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karl_Stetter=Karl Stetter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Renwick,_Jr.=James Renwick, Jr.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Bigler=John Bigler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Gillett=James Gillett
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tina_Sinatra=Tina Sinatra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Markham=Henry Markham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marcelino_Sanz_de_Sautuola=Marcelino Sanz de Sautuola
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Svetlana_Krivelyova=Svetlana Krivelyova
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patrick_Miller_of_Dalswinton=Patrick Miller of Dalswinton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nia_Long=Nia Long
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gary_Bauer=Gary Bauer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Verhoeven=Michael Verhoeven
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zakaria_Zubeidi=Zakaria Zubeidi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nilo_Cruz=Nilo Cruz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Schenkkan=Robert Schenkkan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hang_Tuah=Hang Tuah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walter_Moberly_(engineer)=Walter Moberly (engineer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Garrett_Brown=Garrett Brown
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_B._Eyring=Henry B. Eyring
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Ladd=William Ladd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kitty_Dukakis=Kitty Dukakis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeffrey_R._Holland=Jeffrey R. Holland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_D._Hales=Robert D. Hales
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_G._Wilson=Michael G. Wilson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_G._Scott=Richard G. Scott
http://dbpedia.org/resource/M._Russell_Ballard=M. Russell Ballard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_B._Wirthlin=Joseph B. Wirthlin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ferdinand_Stoliczka=Ferdinand Stoliczka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yeap_Cheng_Eng=Yeap Cheng Eng
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dov_S._Zakheim=Dov S. Zakheim
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michel_duCille=Michel duCille
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis_Enricht=Louis Enricht
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ferdinand_Cheval=Ferdinand Cheval
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jay_North=Jay North
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Hatfield=Charles Hatfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elmyr_de_Hory=Elmyr de Hory
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tamara_Bunke=Tamara Bunke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alan_Abel=Alan Abel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacques_Inaudi=Jacques Inaudi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oscar_Hartzell=Oscar Hartzell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alves_dos_Reis=Alves dos Reis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Truman_Henry_Safford=Truman Henry Safford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brigido_Lara=Brigido Lara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Bannon=John Bannon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dean_Brown=Dean Brown
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rob_Kerin=Rob Kerin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Susanthika_Jayasinghe=Susanthika Jayasinghe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steve_Stevaert=Steve Stevaert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hiroshi_Hara_(architect)=Hiroshi Hara (architect)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Henry_Draper_III=William Henry Draper III
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rudolph_Cartier=Rudolph Cartier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Phillipson=Robert Phillipson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Willi_Boskovsky=Willi Boskovsky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Dibdin=Michael Dibdin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_MacDonald_(politician)=David MacDonald (politician)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adam_Olearius=Adam Olearius
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_B_Ellington=Edward B Ellington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Buxton_Hilton=John Buxton Hilton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isaac_Bickerstaffe=Isaac Bickerstaffe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oliver_Ocasek=Oliver Ocasek
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Patton,_Jr.=John Patton, Jr.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hans_Bohm=Hans Bohm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barnard_E._Bee,_Sr.=Barnard E. Bee, Sr.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barry_Fell=Barry Fell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacob_Talmon=Jacob Talmon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Denniston_Patton=John Denniston Patton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Emory_Patton=Charles Emory Patton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Margo_McLennan=Margo McLennan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sam_Edwards=Sam Edwards
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Galt_MacDermot=Galt MacDermot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Chiklis=Michael Chiklis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Huang_Yueying=Huang Yueying
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tavis_Smiley=Tavis Smiley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lu_Kang_(Three_Kingdoms)=Lu Kang (Three Kingdoms)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joel_Silver=Joel Silver
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shafik_Wazzan=Shafik Wazzan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sobekneferu=Sobekneferu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Foreman=David Foreman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Weiss_(baseball)=George Weiss (baseball)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jules-Paul_Tardivel=Jules-Paul Tardivel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/E._J._Lennox=E. J. Lennox
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Delano=Paul Delano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blair_Hull=Blair Hull
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cyryl_Ratajski=Cyryl Ratajski
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_of_Moscow=Peter of Moscow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Hulbert=William Hulbert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zygmunt_Wojciechowski=Zygmunt Wojciechowski
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samuel_Shem=Samuel Shem
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norbert_Brainin=Norbert Brainin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lawrence_M._Krauss=Lawrence M. Krauss
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edgar_Saltus=Edgar Saltus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Burke_(gangster)=James Burke (gangster)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kirk_Herbstreit=Kirk Herbstreit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harry_Harkimo=Harry Harkimo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Knoll=John Knoll
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_D._Fitzgerald=John D. Fitzgerald
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lawrence_Aubrey_Wallace=Lawrence Aubrey Wallace
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Immanuel_Jakobovits,_Baron_Jakobovits=Immanuel Jakobovits, Baron Jakobovits
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Adams_Dix=John Adams Dix
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scott_Mosier=Scott Mosier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joey_Lauren_Adams=Joey Lauren Adams
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harold_Sonny_Ladoo=Harold Sonny Ladoo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hor_Namhong=Hor Namhong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georges_Franju=Georges Franju
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theognostus_of_Kiev=Theognostus of Kiev
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dave_Stewart_(keyboardist)=Dave Stewart (keyboardist)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emma_Elizabeth_Smith=Emma Elizabeth Smith
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stephen_Gould_(tenor)=Stephen Gould (tenor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Churchill_Chase=John Churchill Chase
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johanan_bar_Nappaha=Johanan bar Nappaha
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Albert_Boulenger=George Albert Boulenger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Geoff_Moore=Geoff Moore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amram_Gaon=Amram Gaon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Josephine_Brawley_Hughes=Josephine Brawley Hughes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marcel_Ranjeva=Marcel Ranjeva
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baboucarr-Blaise_Jagne=Baboucarr-Blaise Jagne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_H._Kraft=Charles H. Kraft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kaley_Cuoco=Kaley Cuoco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_Carapic=Tom Carapic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/April_Fool_(spy)=April Fool (spy)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iou_Kuroda=Iou Kuroda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boris_Pilnyak=Boris Pilnyak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sinjong_of_Goryeo=Sinjong of Goryeo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Myeongjong_of_Goryeo=Myeongjong of Goryeo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Goldthorpe=John Goldthorpe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frederick_William_Lawrence=Frederick William Lawrence
http://dbpedia.org/resource/McKendree_Long=McKendree Long
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moussa_Arafat=Moussa Arafat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Vernon_Hudson=George Vernon Hudson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elisabeth_Frink=Elisabeth Frink
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Friedrich_Wilhelm_Herbst=Johann Friedrich Wilhelm Herbst
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Huijong_of_Goryeo=Huijong of Goryeo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jakub_Jan_Ryba=Jakub Jan Ryba
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ruggles_Wright=Ruggles Wright
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Russell_Lee_(writer)=Russell Lee (writer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anthony_Collett=Anthony Collett
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jonas_Kyratzes=Jonas Kyratzes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walter_Henry_Medhurst=Walter Henry Medhurst
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Van_Nest_Talmage=John Van Nest Talmage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michel_Serrault=Michel Serrault
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dragging_Canoe=Dragging Canoe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Kerr_(Northern_Irish_politician)=David Kerr (Northern Irish politician)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Hayter_(actor)=James Hayter (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lowell_Mason=Lowell Mason
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arthur_Brough=Arthur Brough
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raymond_Watson=Raymond Watson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yoji_Shinkawa=Yoji Shinkawa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_R._Roberts=George R. Roberts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ado_(bishop)=Ado (bishop)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pieter_Both=Pieter Both
http://dbpedia.org/resource/De'voreaux_White=De'voreaux White
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laxminarayan_Ramdas=Laxminarayan Ramdas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sardax=Sardax
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacques_Copeau=Jacques Copeau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Schlumberger_von_Goldeck=Robert Schlumberger von Goldeck
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Syd_Field=Syd Field
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lynn_Cartwright=Lynn Cartwright
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stephen_Dobyns=Stephen Dobyns
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Montgomery_Gano=Richard Montgomery Gano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zeca_Afonso=Zeca Afonso
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tama_Janowitz=Tama Janowitz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tim_Hunkin=Tim Hunkin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atilano_Cordero_Badillo=Atilano Cordero Badillo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Topcliffe=Richard Topcliffe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Napoleon_Orda=Napoleon Orda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wavy_Gravy=Wavy Gravy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Pope=Paul Pope
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Cecil_Ross=William Cecil Ross
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mustafa_Osman_Ismail=Mustafa Osman Ismail
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eriya_Kategaya=Eriya Kategaya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Allan_Carr=Allan Carr
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Bradshaw_(judge)=John Bradshaw (judge)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Betty_Driver=Betty Driver
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wendy_Beckett=Wendy Beckett
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Erik_Weihenmayer=Erik Weihenmayer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rubab_Raza=Rubab Raza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leon_Wieseltier=Leon Wieseltier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Gross_(actor)=Michael Gross (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Cho=John Cho
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Whitmer=David Whitmer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ong_Iok-tek=Ong Iok-tek
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taira_no_Masakado=Taira no Masakado
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Suckley=George Suckley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Thomas_Blanford=William Thomas Blanford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ralph_McQuarrie=Ralph McQuarrie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walter_Bruch=Walter Bruch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kalli_Bjarni=Kalli Bjarni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vetranio=Vetranio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nepotianus=Nepotianus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Geoff_Morrell_(actor)=Geoff Morrell (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flavius_Victor=Flavius Victor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_I_of_Moldavia=Alexander I of Moldavia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Helen_Traubel=Helen Traubel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Victor_Schlatter=Victor Schlatter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_Spirin=Alexander Spirin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Janet_Ecker=Janet Ecker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sarah_Messer=Sarah Messer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francis_Fox=Francis Fox
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martin_Spangberg=Martin Spangberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joanne_Fenn=Joanne Fenn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marcel_Prud'homme=Marcel Prud'homme
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mohammed_Haydar_Zammar=Mohammed Haydar Zammar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cyril_Lloyd_Francis=Cyril Lloyd Francis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tonique_Williams-Darling=Tonique Williams-Darling
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alluri_Sitarama_Raju=Alluri Sitarama Raju
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lucien_Lamoureux=Lucien Lamoureux
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antony_Acland=Antony Acland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theodosius,_Metropolitan_of_Moscow=Theodosius, Metropolitan of Moscow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kenneth_Giles=Kenneth Giles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thom_McKee=Thom McKee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_A._Tovrea=Edward A. Tovrea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Debbie_Ferguson-McKenzie=Debbie Ferguson-McKenzie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philip_I,_Metropolitan_of_Moscow=Philip I, Metropolitan of Moscow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_%22Gabby%22_Hayes=George "Gabby" Hayes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kurt_Martti_Wallenius=Kurt Martti Wallenius
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Teniers_III=David Teniers III
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gerontius,_Metropolitan_of_Moscow=Gerontius, Metropolitan of Moscow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amund_Ringnes_(brewery_owner,_1840)=Amund Ringnes (brewery owner, 1840)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ellef_Ringnes=Ellef Ringnes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zosimus,_Metropolitan_of_Moscow=Zosimus, Metropolitan of Moscow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sidney_Morgenbesser=Sidney Morgenbesser
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_L._Payne=David L. Payne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alison_Hammond=Alison Hammond
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rodolphe_Lemieux=Rodolphe Lemieux
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isabella_Bird=Isabella Bird
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frankie_Ford=Frankie Ford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bernard_Watson=Bernard Watson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gildas_Molgat=Gildas Molgat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marcel_Lambert=Marcel Lambert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jim_Flegg=Jim Flegg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oliver_Belmont=Oliver Belmont
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kenneth_Mopeli=Kenneth Mopeli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Henry_Playfair=William Henry Playfair
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Benjamin_Dudley=Charles Benjamin Dudley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Cantwell=Robert Cantwell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fred_Barnes_(performer)=Fred Barnes (performer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prentiss_M._Brown=Prentiss M. Brown
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jonathan_Idema=Jonathan Idema
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Choghtu_Khong_Tayiji=Choghtu Khong Tayiji
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alan_Macnaughton=Alan Macnaughton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tan_Kah_Kee=Tan Kah Kee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_J._Perrone=Paul J. Perrone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Finch_(American_politician)=Robert Finch (American politician)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georges_Rousse=Georges Rousse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Larry_Pina=Larry Pina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfred_William_Alcock=Alfred William Alcock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Anderson_(zoologist)=John Anderson (zoologist)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Erasmo_of_Narni=Erasmo of Narni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liu_Binyan=Liu Binyan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antoine_Ghonda=Antoine Ghonda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ethan_Allen_(armsmaker)=Ethan Allen (armsmaker)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raymond_Ramazani_Baya=Raymond Ramazani Baya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tamara_Toumanova=Tamara Toumanova
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laurie_Chan=Laurie Chan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bob_Ellis=Bob Ellis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Russell_M._Nelson=Russell M. Nelson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kerry_Armstrong=Kerry Armstrong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dietrich_Brandis=Dietrich Brandis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Voldemar_Jannsen=Johann Voldemar Jannsen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Henry_Tilson_Marshall=Charles Henry Tilson Marshall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Byrhtnoth=Byrhtnoth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matthew_Kneale=Matthew Kneale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hugh_Oldham=Hugh Oldham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Camille_Doncieux=Camille Doncieux
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jimmy_Kennedy=Jimmy Kennedy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Davoud_Soleymani=Davoud Soleymani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roy_McMurtry=Roy McMurtry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elisabeth_Mann-Borgese=Elisabeth Mann-Borgese
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicholas_Maw=Nicholas Maw
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saeed_Shirkavand=Saeed Shirkavand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monika_Mann=Monika Mann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Mann_(scholar)=Michael Mann (scholar)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roland_Dyens=Roland Dyens
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alessandro_Baricco=Alessandro Baricco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Douglas_Byng=Douglas Byng
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matthias_Wissmann=Matthias Wissmann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keith_Taylor_(British_politician)=Keith Taylor (British politician)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Stephens=Robert Stephens
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Denny_White=Denny White
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Catherine_L._Barrett=Catherine L. Barrett
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edna_Brown=Edna Brown
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joyce_Beatty=Joyce Beatty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greg_DiDonato=Greg DiDonato
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elliot_Paul=Elliot Paul
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frieda_Lawrence=Frieda Lawrence
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mohamedou_Ould_Slahi=Mohamedou Ould Slahi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Morton_Eshleman=John Morton Eshleman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Berek_Joselewicz=Berek Joselewicz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greg_Hemphill=Greg Hemphill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vico_Consorti=Vico Consorti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bud_Brown_(politician)=Bud Brown (politician)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Slovic=Paul Slovic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ann_Curry=Ann Curry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/J._Gordon_Edwards_(entomologist_and_mountaineer)=J. Gordon Edwards (entomologist and mountaineer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luis_Brandoni=Luis Brandoni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patricio_Contreras=Patricio Contreras
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Debendranath_Tagore=Debendranath Tagore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Hajba=Peter Hajba
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Hire=La Hire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pedro_Ludovico=Pedro Ludovico
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Douglass_Houghton=Douglass Houghton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gabby_Logan=Gabby Logan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dean_Radin=Dean Radin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hans_Rausing=Hans Rausing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reggie_Kray=Reggie Kray
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philip_Michael_Thomas=Philip Michael Thomas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patsy_Kensit=Patsy Kensit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theo_Albrecht=Theo Albrecht
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Donald_Newhouse=Donald Newhouse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bernard_Arnault=Bernard Arnault
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Washington_Hockley=George Washington Hockley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_M._Storke=Thomas M. Storke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ray_Allen=Ray Allen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Langstaff_Bowman=James Langstaff Bowman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vincenzo_Gemito=Vincenzo Gemito
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrei_Konchalovsky=Andrei Konchalovsky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Merrill_Carlsmith=Merrill Carlsmith
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Butler_(lawyer)=Paul Butler (lawyer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Ernest_Foulkes=George Ernest Foulkes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nandan_Nilekani=Nandan Nilekani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martin_Newell_(musician)=Martin Newell (musician)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fujiwara_no_Kamatari=Fujiwara no Kamatari
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Naked_Cowboy=Naked Cowboy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrey_Semyonov-Tyan-Shansky=Andrey Semyonov-Tyan-Shansky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Orledge=Robert Orledge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Janelle_Patton=Janelle Patton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lacy_Ryan=Lacy Ryan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Cardwell=Edward Cardwell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Estcourt=Richard Estcourt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philip_Fruytiers=Philip Fruytiers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Susanna_Centlivre=Susanna Centlivre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sebastiano_Conca=Sebastiano Conca
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maxime_Du_Camp=Maxime Du Camp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Waldemar_Cierpinski=Waldemar Cierpinski
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilson_Edgar_Terry=Wilson Edgar Terry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carmella_DeCesare=Carmella DeCesare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Berniece_T._Hiser=Berniece T. Hiser
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Siobhan_Hayes=Siobhan Hayes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mike_Myers_(baseball)=Mike Myers (baseball)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_McLean_(Illinois_politician)=John McLean (Illinois politician)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gelindo_Bordin=Gelindo Bordin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nadia_Almada=Nadia Almada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Auguste_Villiers_de_l'Isle-Adam=Auguste Villiers de l'Isle-Adam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bob_McEwen=Bob McEwen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ellen_Langer=Ellen Langer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emil_Puhl=Emil Puhl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Murder_of_Sarah_Payne=Murder of Sarah Payne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Margaret_Herrick=Margaret Herrick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Kay_(flying_shuttle)=John Kay (flying shuttle)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ragnar_Arnalds=Ragnar Arnalds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harve_Presnell=Harve Presnell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Susan_Buffett=Susan Buffett
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hal_Smith_(actor)=Hal Smith (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frank_Capra,_Jr.=Frank Capra, Jr.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Josia_Thugwane=Josia Thugwane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Holmes_Black=David Holmes Black
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sue_Gerhardt=Sue Gerhardt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gezahegne_Abera=Gezahegne Abera
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lisa_Brown_(actress)=Lisa Brown (actress)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henderson_Forsythe=Henderson Forsythe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marie_Masters=Marie Masters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Santos_Ortega=Santos Ortega
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ethel_Remey=Ethel Remey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tareq_Ayyoub=Tareq Ayyoub
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steven_Frank_(biologist)=Steven Frank (biologist)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Bain=Thomas Bain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edmund_Rubbra=Edmund Rubbra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eric_Sevareid=Eric Sevareid
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brad_Blum=Brad Blum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfonso_Ferrabosco_the_elder=Alfonso Ferrabosco the elder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Southall=David Southall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ray_Grey=Ray Grey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Virginia_Grey=Virginia Grey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_James_Elliott=David James Elliott
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keith_Carradine=Keith Carradine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steven_M._Rosen=Steven M. Rosen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bernie_Friedman=Bernie Friedman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harry_Reasoner=Harry Reasoner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aharon_Lichtenstein=Aharon Lichtenstein
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vera_Miles=Vera Miles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Williams_Gunnison=John Williams Gunnison
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christopher_Knowles=Christopher Knowles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Domenico_Allegri=Domenico Allegri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edwin_Franko_Goldman=Edwin Franko Goldman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barbara_Wright_(translator)=Barbara Wright (translator)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/S._Robson_Walton=S. Robson Walton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrew_Onderdonk=Andrew Onderdonk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bea_Benaderet=Bea Benaderet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Webster_(musician)=John Webster (musician)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joan_Ganz_Cooney=Joan Ganz Cooney
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Randolph_Bourne=Randolph Bourne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hamish_MacCunn=Hamish MacCunn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stephen_A._Schwarzman=Stephen A. Schwarzman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lars_Herman_Gyllenhaal=Lars Herman Gyllenhaal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christa_B._Allen=Christa B. Allen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frank_De_Lima=Frank De Lima
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eugene_Znosko-Borovsky=Eugene Znosko-Borovsky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Jaggar=Thomas Jaggar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jennifer_Esposito=Jennifer Esposito
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Caldwell_Ryrie=Charles Caldwell Ryrie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sergey_Mikhaylovich_Darkin=Sergey Mikhaylovich Darkin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicomachus_of_Thebes=Nicomachus of Thebes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Darvill-Evans=Peter Darvill-Evans
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steve_Jackson_(UK_game_designer)=Steve Jackson (UK game designer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steve_Jackson_(US_game_designer)=Steve Jackson (US game designer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Curzio_Malaparte=Curzio Malaparte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ty_Law=Ty Law
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giuseppe_Tucci=Giuseppe Tucci
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hans_Collaert=Hans Collaert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fritz_Herlen=Fritz Herlen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martin_Schongauer=Martin Schongauer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Hawtrey=Henry Hawtrey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maggie_Wheeler=Maggie Wheeler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Springer_White=James Springer White
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karl_von_Prantl=Karl von Prantl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patty_Hill=Patty Hill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heinrich_Christoph_Wilhelm_Sigwart=Heinrich Christoph Wilhelm Sigwart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Khalid_Skah=Khalid Skah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hosius_of_Corduba=Hosius of Corduba
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_Hardouin=Jean Hardouin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Hazard_Reynolds=John Hazard Reynolds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Themistius=Themistius
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Judah_II=Judah II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Judah_III=Judah III
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mark_Kamins=Mark Kamins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Nikolaus_von_Hontheim=Johann Nikolaus von Hontheim
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Omar_Cabezas=Omar Cabezas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Red_Adair=Red Adair
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Geoffrey_Palmer_(actor)=Geoffrey Palmer (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ernst_Gottlieb_Baron=Ernst Gottlieb Baron
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Waldemar_Bloch=Waldemar Bloch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stephen_Frost=Stephen Frost
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marc'Antonio_Ingegneri=Marc'Antonio Ingegneri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Juan_de_Torquemada_(cardinal)=Juan de Torquemada (cardinal)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Cassander=George Cassander
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hikmat_Sulayman=Hikmat Sulayman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Dumoulin=Charles Dumoulin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_Phillips_(artist)=Tom Phillips (artist)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mick_Farren=Mick Farren
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Ayscue=George Ayscue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Faris_Ahmed_Jamaan_al-Showeel_al-Zahrani=Faris Ahmed Jamaan al-Showeel al-Zahrani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Avram_Finkelstein=Avram Finkelstein
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Montagu,_1st_Earl_of_Sandwich=Edward Montagu, 1st Earl of Sandwich
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eva_Longoria=Eva Longoria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martha_Byrne=Martha Byrne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hayato_Tani=Hayato Tani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dimitris_Papamichael=Dimitris Papamichael
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Culp=Robert Culp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis_Jacobs=Louis Jacobs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lydia_Pinkham=Lydia Pinkham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giuseppe_Fanelli=Giuseppe Fanelli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Minnie_Marx=Minnie Marx
http://dbpedia.org/resource/V._K._Krishna_Menon=V. K. Krishna Menon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rayner_Hoff=Rayner Hoff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Victor_Argo=Victor Argo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raoul_Dandurand=Raoul Dandurand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Taylor_(skater)=Richard Taylor (skater)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ben_Kerr=Ben Kerr
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daniel_S._Lamont=Daniel S. Lamont
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_W._Lamont=Thomas W. Lamont
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stewart_Guthrie=Stewart Guthrie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Lancaster=Joseph Lancaster
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tolbert_Lanston=Tolbert Lanston
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ray_Jardine=Ray Jardine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilfred_Le_Bouthillier=Wilfred Le Bouthillier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barbara_Hershey=Barbara Hershey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toshio_Furukawa=Toshio Furukawa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roger_Bowen=Roger Bowen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jurij_Dalmatin=Jurij Dalmatin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Percy_Brewster=Henry Percy Brewster
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Saling=George Saling
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Irma_Serrano=Irma Serrano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adolph_Sutro=Adolph Sutro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marcus_Nispel=Marcus Nispel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frederick_Schule=Frederick Schule
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antal_Szerb=Antal Szerb
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adnan_Khashoggi=Adnan Khashoggi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_R._Newman=James R. Newman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Augustin_Langlade=Augustin Langlade
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Margrete_Auken=Margrete Auken
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hana_Gartner=Hana Gartner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eric_Malling=Eric Malling
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adrien_Maurice_de_Noailles=Adrien Maurice de Noailles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilfrid_Brambell=Wilfrid Brambell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heimito_von_Doderer=Heimito von Doderer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samuel_Sharpe=Samuel Sharpe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rudolf_Belling=Rudolf Belling
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeremiah_Chirau=Jeremiah Chirau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Muhammad_Naeem_Noor_Khan=Muhammad Naeem Noor Khan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Valentina_Cortese=Valentina Cortese
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Bambridge=Thomas Bambridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_de_Clare,_2nd_Earl_of_Pembroke=Richard de Clare, 2nd Earl of Pembroke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tessa_Dahl=Tessa Dahl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gaspard_Fauteux=Gaspard Fauteux
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yelena_Isinbayeva=Yelena Isinbayeva
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Zillman=John Zillman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Helen_Worth=Helen Worth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Allison_Glen=James Allison Glen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bernard_Levin=Bernard Levin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacques_Henri_Lartigue=Jacques Henri Lartigue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Graf=David Graf
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brownie_Wise=Brownie Wise
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis_Hartz=Louis Hartz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francis_Bouygues=Francis Bouygues
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Perdita_Felicien=Perdita Felicien
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maria_del_Mar_(actress)=Maria del Mar (actress)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Salem_Chalabi=Salem Chalabi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Audrey_Mestre=Audrey Mestre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diane_de_France=Diane de France
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bill_Robinson=Bill Robinson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greg_Coolidge=Greg Coolidge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trev_Thoms=Trev Thoms
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lewis_F._Linn=Lewis F. Linn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jonti_Picking=Jonti Picking
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gian_Francesco_Malipiero=Gian Francesco Malipiero
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vern_Riffe=Vern Riffe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Black_(Canadian_politician)=George Black (Canadian politician)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Royce_Nunley=Royce Nunley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dennis_Crosby=Dennis Crosby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean-Claude_Germain=Jean-Claude Germain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicky_Skopelitis=Nicky Skopelitis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maria_del_Mar_(singer)=Maria del Mar (singer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Terrence_Deacon=Terrence Deacon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lou_Dobbs=Lou Dobbs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_T._Farley=James T. Farley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anna_Maria_Tremonti=Anna Maria Tremonti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_D._Phelan=James D. Phelan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heinrich_Hollreiser=Heinrich Hollreiser
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dino_Ferari=Dino Ferari
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_T._Hardy=David T. Hardy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Portnoy=Michael Portnoy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Evelyn_Baring,_1st_Baron_Howick_of_Glendale=Evelyn Baring, 1st Baron Howick of Glendale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carlos_Mayans=Carlos Mayans
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tyler_Christopher_(actor)=Tyler Christopher (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Rawlinson,_1st_Baron_Rawlinson=Henry Rawlinson, 1st Baron Rawlinson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francisco_Manuel_da_Silva=Francisco Manuel da Silva
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Simpson_Sproule=Thomas Simpson Sproule
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Catherine_Hickland=Catherine Hickland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis-Philippe_Brodeur=Louis-Philippe Brodeur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Marcil=Charles Marcil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Dufresne=John Dufresne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph-Goderic_Blanchet=Joseph-Goderic Blanchet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Franklin_Sutherland=Robert Franklin Sutherland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph-Aldric_Ouimet=Joseph-Aldric Ouimet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stephen_Adler_(journalist)=Stephen Adler (journalist)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alain_de_Cadenet=Alain de Cadenet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sanjay_Dutt=Sanjay Dutt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_David_Edgar=James David Edgar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sornram_Teppitak=Sornram Teppitak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Suvanant_Kongying=Suvanant Kongying
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roland_Martin_(journalist)=Roland Martin (journalist)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_White_(Canadian_politician)=Peter White (Canadian politician)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Noel_Counihan=Noel Counihan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Einar_Hoidale=Einar Hoidale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Berg=David Berg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_Reinecke=Carl Reinecke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yeon_Gaesomun=Yeon Gaesomun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_Mermoz=Jean Mermoz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A._A._Englander=A. A. Englander
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Michael_Rossetti=William Michael Rossetti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jim_Corbett=Jim Corbett
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vittorio_Bottego=Vittorio Bottego
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Romolo_Gessi=Romolo Gessi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walter_V,_Count_of_Brienne=Walter V, Count of Brienne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Conrad_I,_Duke_of_Bohemia=Conrad I, Duke of Bohemia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meir_Shapiro=Meir Shapiro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Hugh_Pearson=Henry Hugh Pearson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrew_Fountaine=Andrew Fountaine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Dannreuther=Edward Dannreuther
http://dbpedia.org/resource/J._A._Deane=J. A. Deane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colin_Bibby=Colin Bibby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Carey,_1st_Baron_Hunsdon=Henry Carey, 1st Baron Hunsdon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mike_Smith_(actor)=Mike Smith (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arnold_Leese=Arnold Leese
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Staci_Greason=Staci Greason
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harry_Hooton=Harry Hooton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Douglas_MacArthur_II=Douglas MacArthur II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eva_LaRue=Eva LaRue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dog_G=Dog G
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vanna_White=Vanna White
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_J._Anderson=Thomas J. Anderson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Dyke=William Dyke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tina_Brown=Tina Brown
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charlotte_Ross=Charlotte Ross
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dennis_Timbrell=Dennis Timbrell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Raksin=David Raksin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Van_Mildert=William Van Mildert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bob_Varsha=Bob Varsha
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greg_Johnson_(ice_hockey)=Greg Johnson (ice hockey)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Else_von_Richthofen=Else von Richthofen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rhys_Ifans=Rhys Ifans
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Teo_Teocoli=Teo Teocoli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ryan_Gosling=Ryan Gosling
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Sterling=George Sterling
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arjun_Singh=Arjun Singh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/B._Roy_Frieden=B. Roy Frieden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barton_Booth=Barton Booth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toby_Moody=Toby Moody
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stephen_Hawes=Stephen Hawes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karl_Karmarsch=Karl Karmarsch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Julia_Barr=Julia Barr
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eaton_Hodgkinson=Eaton Hodgkinson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Franz_Sacher=Franz Sacher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lowell_Ganz=Lowell Ganz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Len_Wiseman=Len Wiseman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eva_Amurri=Eva Amurri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henck_Arron=Henck Arron
http://dbpedia.org/resource/LaTanya_Richardson=LaTanya Richardson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Muhammad_Haji_Ibrahim_Egal=Muhammad Haji Ibrahim Egal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shane_Rimmer=Shane Rimmer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Red_Rodney=Red Rodney
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Llewellyn_Bradshaw=Robert Llewellyn Bradshaw
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amanda_Peet=Amanda Peet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mike_Malloy=Mike Malloy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dick_Crippen=Dick Crippen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frank_Glasgow_Tinker=Frank Glasgow Tinker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrew_Watson_Myles=Andrew Watson Myles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Vane,_3rd_Marquess_of_Londonderry=Charles Vane, 3rd Marquess of Londonderry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cullen_Baker=Cullen Baker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jan_Smithers=Jan Smithers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gypsy_Boots=Gypsy Boots
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bill_Doolin=Bill Doolin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Starr=Henry Starr
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_MacDermott,_Baron_MacDermott=John MacDermott, Baron MacDermott
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anna_Quindlen=Anna Quindlen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Pirrie,_1st_Viscount_Pirrie=William Pirrie, 1st Viscount Pirrie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yevno_Azef=Yevno Azef
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vladimir_Burtsev=Vladimir Burtsev
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Melendez=John Melendez
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Curtis=William Curtis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edwin_Brock=Edwin Brock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lucy_Larcom=Lucy Larcom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Lindley=John Lindley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ginny_Wright=Ginny Wright
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cec_Linder=Cec Linder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Noble_Sissle=Noble Sissle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karen_Walker_(designer)=Karen Walker (designer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norman_Macrae=Norman Macrae
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greg_Germann=Greg Germann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hilary_Timmins=Hilary Timmins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hugh_Bigod_(Justiciar)=Hugh Bigod (Justiciar)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philip_Simmons=Philip Simmons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christopher_Backus=Christopher Backus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Otakhon_Latifi=Otakhon Latifi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alaska_(singer)=Alaska (singer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stefania_Follini=Stefania Follini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karen_Poole=Karen Poole
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ian_Caldwell=Ian Caldwell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dustin_Thomason=Dustin Thomason
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis_Raemaekers=Louis Raemaekers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Serafinowicz=Peter Serafinowicz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Julian_Stanczak=Julian Stanczak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anna_Murdoch_Mann=Anna Murdoch Mann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tony_Maimone=Tony Maimone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jalal_Al-e-Ahmad=Jalal Al-e-Ahmad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lynn_Herring=Lynn Herring
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shyam_Benegal=Shyam Benegal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_C._Potter=William C. Potter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Lyon-Bowes_(heir_to_Lord_Glamis,_born_1821)=Thomas Lyon-Bowes (heir to Lord Glamis, born 1821)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pete_Coors=Pete Coors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Herman_Reitman=Herman Reitman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sarah_Reitman=Sarah Reitman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Finlay,_1st_Viscount_Finlay=Robert Finlay, 1st Viscount Finlay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vincent_Irizarry=Vincent Irizarry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stan_Roberts=Stan Roberts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liu_Qi_(politician)=Liu Qi (politician)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barbara_Broccoli=Barbara Broccoli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/J._Rendel_Harris=J. Rendel Harris
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francis_Lawrence_Jobin=Francis Lawrence Jobin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andre_Stander=Andre Stander
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gloria_Allred=Gloria Allred
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rembert_Dodoens=Rembert Dodoens
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Enrico_Forlanini=Enrico Forlanini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colleen_Atwood=Colleen Atwood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Bend=Robert Bend
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ian_Clark_(geologist)=Ian Clark (geologist)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harry_H._Corbett=Harry H. Corbett
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nathaniel_Lord_Britton=Nathaniel Lord Britton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Duncan_Edmonds=Duncan Edmonds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frank_Langella=Frank Langella
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack_Buchanan=Jack Buchanan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Huband=Charles Huband
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doug_Lauchlan=Doug Lauchlan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Gibson_(playwright)=William Gibson (playwright)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gregory_Fortuin=Gregory Fortuin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yvonne_Mitchell=Yvonne Mitchell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Felix_Dahn=Felix Dahn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Cave=Edward Cave
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Subrata_Roy=Subrata Roy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kim_Dae-mun=Kim Dae-mun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christopher_Ehret=Christopher Ehret
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sinchi_Roca=Sinchi Roca
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_O'Brien_(actor)=Peter O'Brien (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Wheeler_(painter)=Charles Wheeler (painter)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Herbert_McClintock=Herbert McClintock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roderick_McLean=Roderick McLean
http://dbpedia.org/resource/W._R._Burnett=W. R. Burnett
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roy_Dalgarno=Roy Dalgarno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Najah_Ali=Najah Ali
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Austin_St._John=Austin St. John
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deepal_Warakagoda=Deepal Warakagoda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dennis_Lillee=Dennis Lillee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Mitsikostas=George Mitsikostas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Doyle=Robert Doyle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chen_Zaidao=Chen Zaidao
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Allen_White=William Allen White
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uffa_Fox=Uffa Fox
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Constantin_von_Ettingshausen=Constantin von Ettingshausen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Torkel_Knutsson=Torkel Knutsson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Sumner_Tainter=Charles Sumner Tainter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Jay_Hooker=John Jay Hooker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daniel_Paul_Schreber=Daniel Paul Schreber
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mariann_Fischer_Boel=Mariann Fischer Boel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pratinas=Pratinas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carlos_Pinto=Carlos Pinto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Malcolm_Muir=Malcolm Muir
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luca_Ghini=Luca Ghini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tim_Wohlforth=Tim Wohlforth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dmitry_Tolstoy=Dmitry Tolstoy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trevor_Wadley=Trevor Wadley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marcus_Bentley=Marcus Bentley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Edwards_(politician)=Paul Edwards (politician)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michelle_Williams_(actress)=Michelle Williams (actress)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ginny_Hasselfield=Ginny Hasselfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patsy_Byrne=Patsy Byrne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Janet_McTeer=Janet McTeer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Evelyne_Gebhardt=Evelyne Gebhardt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lyn_Nofziger=Lyn Nofziger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jon_Gerrard=Jon Gerrard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Allan_Roy_Dafoe=Allan Roy Dafoe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stig_Dagerman=Stig Dagerman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gerardus_Johannes_Mulder=Gerardus Johannes Mulder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jerry_Fontaine=Jerry Fontaine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tim_McInnerny=Tim McInnerny
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilbert_Coffin=Wilbert Coffin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michaele_Schreyer=Michaele Schreyer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dag_the_Wise=Dag the Wise
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fiona_Ma=Fiona Ma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marc_Zell=Marc Zell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hincmar=Hincmar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Golan_Cipel=Golan Cipel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacques_Sirmond=Jacques Sirmond
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Caley=George Caley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jan_Swafford=Jan Swafford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tyrannius_Rufinus=Tyrannius Rufinus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friedrich_Adolf_Ebert=Friedrich Adolf Ebert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Erik_Ringsson=Erik Ringsson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eric_Anundsson=Eric Anundsson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kirsten_Flagstad=Kirsten Flagstad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Clarke_(cricketer)=Michael Clarke (cricketer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mushin_Musa_Matwalli_Atwah=Mushin Musa Matwalli Atwah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Esther_Williams=Esther Williams
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christopher_Lydon=Christopher Lydon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrew_Briscoe=Andrew Briscoe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elsa_Morante=Elsa Morante
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sarah_Lewitinn=Sarah Lewitinn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jemma_Redgrave=Jemma Redgrave
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Gilbert_(author)=William Gilbert (author)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Wright=Peter Wright
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Janet_Chisholm=Janet Chisholm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kendall_Vanhook_Bumpass=Kendall Vanhook Bumpass
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Rennie_(sculptor_and_politician)=George Rennie (sculptor and politician)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Miller_(filmmaker)=James Miller (filmmaker)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harold_Parker=Harold Parker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joe_Born=Joe Born
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Erik_Per_Sullivan=Erik Per Sullivan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Judith_Chapman=Judith Chapman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sam_Smith_(journalist)=Sam Smith (journalist)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Hanna=William Hanna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vyacheslav_Tikhonov=Vyacheslav Tikhonov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bruce_Bawer=Bruce Bawer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dean_Jones_(actor)=Dean Jones (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roland_Charles_Wagner=Roland Charles Wagner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stan_Laurel=Stan Laurel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alice_Walton=Alice Walton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack_Yan=Jack Yan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chay_Santini=Chay Santini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matt_Robinson_(actor)=Matt Robinson (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angus_Tait=Angus Tait
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Selwyn_Toogood=Selwyn Toogood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ian_Mune=Ian Mune
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Clarke_(satirist)=John Clarke (satirist)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Temuera_Morrison=Temuera Morrison
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reinhardt_Kristensen=Reinhardt Kristensen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lawrence_Dundas,_1st_Earl_of_Zetland=Lawrence Dundas, 1st Earl of Zetland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vendela_Kirsebom=Vendela Kirsebom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ed_Schieffelin=Ed Schieffelin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zinovy_Peshkov=Zinovy Peshkov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jerry_Wexler=Jerry Wexler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sarada_Devi=Sarada Devi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Val_Guest=Val Guest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roy_Redgrave=Roy Redgrave
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Dundas,_2nd_Earl_of_Zetland=Thomas Dundas, 2nd Earl of Zetland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Murray_Ball=Murray Ball
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vasundhara_Raje=Vasundhara Raje
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elisabeth_Findlay=Elisabeth Findlay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trelise_Cooper=Trelise Cooper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Todd_Solondz=Todd Solondz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Linda_Eastman=Linda Eastman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Allen_(author)=David Allen (author)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Linnman=Paul Linnman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vasily_Chapayev=Vasily Chapayev
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shlomo_Argov=Shlomo Argov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laura_Betti=Laura Betti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francis_John_Welsh_Whipple=Francis John Welsh Whipple
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jimmy_Shand=Jimmy Shand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guido_Guinizelli=Guido Guinizelli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steve_Perrin=Steve Perrin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Dickson-Poynder,_1st_Baron_Islington=John Dickson-Poynder, 1st Baron Islington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Asafa_Powell=Asafa Powell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aretas_Akers-Douglas,_1st_Viscount_Chilston=Aretas Akers-Douglas, 1st Viscount Chilston
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pik_Botha=Pik Botha
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kaci_Kullmann_Five=Kaci Kullmann Five
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Helge_Lund=Helge Lund
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Naftule_Brandwein=Naftule Brandwein
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pavel_Tretyakov=Pavel Tretyakov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jim_Walton=Jim Walton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anne_Hathaway_(Shakespeare's_wife)=Anne Hathaway (Shakespeare's wife)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sidney_Green_(politician)=Sidney Green (politician)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Derek_Luke=Derek Luke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_T._Walton=John T. Walton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Killing_of_Peter_Fechter=Killing of Peter Fechter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ben_Hanuschak=Ben Hanuschak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Ordway_Partridge=William Ordway Partridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vedavalli=Vedavalli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anne_Cox_Chambers=Anne Cox Chambers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flodoard=Flodoard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barbara_Cox_Anthony=Barbara Cox Anthony
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gottschalk_of_Orbais=Gottschalk of Orbais
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rebecca_Taylor=Rebecca Taylor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paschasius_Radbertus=Paschasius Radbertus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeremi_Przybora=Jeremi Przybora
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Holdup_Stevens=Thomas Holdup Stevens
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charlie_Ergen=Charlie Ergen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Brown_(writer)=Michael Brown (writer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abdur_Razzak_(cricketer)=Abdur Razzak (cricketer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abdul_Razzaq_(cricketer)=Abdul Razzaq (cricketer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alan_Ball_(screenwriter)=Alan Ball (screenwriter)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Herb_Dhaliwal=Herb Dhaliwal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Armin_van_Buuren=Armin van Buuren
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Loprieno=John Loprieno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dar_Heatherington=Dar Heatherington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francis_Egerton,_3rd_Duke_of_Bridgewater=Francis Egerton, 3rd Duke of Bridgewater
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robin_Blair=Robin Blair
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arash_Miresmaeili=Arash Miresmaeili
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seann_William_Scott=Seann William Scott
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Donald_Bren=Donald Bren
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antoine-Denis_Chaudet=Antoine-Denis Chaudet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Lindsay_White=William Lindsay White
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georges_de_La_Tour=Georges de La Tour
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karl_Blossfeldt=Karl Blossfeldt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/August_Sander=August Sander
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francis_Perrin=Francis Perrin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Roscoe_Estep=William Roscoe Estep
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roger_Fenton=Roger Fenton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ted_Kooser=Ted Kooser
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roger_Donaldson=Roger Donaldson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leslie_Stevens=Leslie Stevens
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Shew=William Shew
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Melancthon_Taylor_Woolsey=Melancthon Taylor Woolsey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Melancthon_Brooks_Woolsey=Melancthon Brooks Woolsey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Cowper-Temple,_1st_Baron_Mount_Temple=William Cowper-Temple, 1st Baron Mount Temple
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grigory_Romanov=Grigory Romanov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henri-Joseph_Paixhans=Henri-Joseph Paixhans
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Bourke,_1st_Baron_Connemara=Robert Bourke, 1st Baron Connemara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Allan_Fotheringham=Allan Fotheringham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gordon_Sinclair=Gordon Sinclair
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heinrich_Marschner=Heinrich Marschner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keri_Hulme=Keri Hulme
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis_Fraser=Louis Fraser
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arthur_Christie=Arthur Christie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gregor_Kiczales=Gregor Kiczales
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amy_Acuff=Amy Acuff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/S._Foster_Damon=S. Foster Damon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Warfield=William Warfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_I._Cox=John I. Cox
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Shelton_Wilder=John Shelton Wilder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Odd_Reinsfelt=Odd Reinsfelt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walter_Slezak=Walter Slezak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Omar_Rezaq=Omar Rezaq
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Noel_Crombie=Noel Crombie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dhananjoy_Chatterjee=Dhananjoy Chatterjee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alan_Gregg=Alan Gregg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Conrad_Schumann=Conrad Schumann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Malcolm_Guthrie=Malcolm Guthrie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Hillyer=Robert Hillyer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Evil_E=Evil E
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Magda_Goebbels=Magda Goebbels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keith_Payne=Keith Payne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thorgils_Skarthi=Thorgils Skarthi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hercules_L._Dousman=Hercules L. Dousman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Armand_de_Gontaut,_baron_de_Biron=Armand de Gontaut, baron de Biron
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Salvador_Novo=Salvador Novo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ernst_Friedrich_Poppo=Ernst Friedrich Poppo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Burges=George Burges
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Valentine_Blomfield=Edward Valentine Blomfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/August_Heinrich_Matthiae=August Heinrich Matthiae
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dionysius_Periegetes=Dionysius Periegetes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jared_Padalecki=Jared Padalecki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philipp_Karl_Buttmann=Philipp Karl Buttmann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edgar_Nixon=Edgar Nixon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gottfried_Bernhardy=Gottfried Bernhardy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liza_Weil=Liza Weil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karl_Elze=Karl Elze
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Anthon=Charles Anthon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bebe_Buell=Bebe Buell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samuel_Maverick_Jr=Samuel Maverick Jr
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ed_Begley,_Jr.=Ed Begley, Jr.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/May_Pang=May Pang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_McCullough=Henry McCullough
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mona_Best=Mona Best
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elizabeth_Magie=Elizabeth Magie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eugene_Byrne=Eugene Byrne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Howard_Morrison=Howard Morrison
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christopher_Brennan=Christopher Brennan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phil_Keoghan=Phil Keoghan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iain_Lee=Iain Lee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wally_Kurth=Wally Kurth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dan_Gauthier=Dan Gauthier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mark_Derwin=Mark Derwin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tammin_Sursok=Tammin Sursok
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lyn_Collingwood=Lyn Collingwood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kate_Garven=Kate Garven
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kate_Ritchie=Kate Ritchie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christie_Hayes=Christie Hayes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ray_Meagher=Ray Meagher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beau_Brady=Beau Brady
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kip_Gamblin=Kip Gamblin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philippe_Comtois=Philippe Comtois
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Beckley=Michael Beckley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ben_Unwin=Ben Unwin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ada_Nicodemou=Ada Nicodemou
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Conrad_Gozzo=Conrad Gozzo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Bassett_Clark=George Bassett Clark
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Gray_Espy=William Gray Espy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Banyen_Rakgan=Banyen Rakgan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sharon_Leal=Sharon Leal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harry_Maione=Harry Maione
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chita_Rivera=Chita Rivera
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christy_Gibson=Christy Gibson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jonathan_Baldwin_Turner=Jonathan Baldwin Turner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Niel_Gow=Niel Gow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nadezhda_Mandelstam=Nadezhda Mandelstam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Katherine_Anna_Kang=Katherine Anna Kang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sidney_Fox=Sidney Fox
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ernest_Cox=Ernest Cox
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Fallon=Thomas Fallon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sidney_Blackmer=Sidney Blackmer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trevor_Skeet=Trevor Skeet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Rollock=Robert Rollock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ingjald_Olofsson=Ingjald Olofsson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eystein_Halfdansson=Eystein Halfdansson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean-Marie_Pelt=Jean-Marie Pelt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nathaniel_Brassey_Halhed=Nathaniel Brassey Halhed
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Brothers=Richard Brothers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Sharp_(engraver)=William Sharp (engraver)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thorgil_Sprakling=Thorgil Sprakling
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jusepe_de_Ribera=Jusepe de Ribera
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Belisario_Corenzio=Belisario Corenzio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leon_Abbey=Leon Abbey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Natasha_Firman=Natasha Firman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georg_Freytag=Georg Freytag
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_Darling_Buck=Carl Darling Buck
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Perkins_Marsh=George Perkins Marsh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Gardner_Hale=William Gardner Hale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Joseph_Hoffmann=Johann Joseph Hoffmann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Toussaint_Reinaud=Joseph Toussaint Reinaud
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Josef_Schneider,_Sr.=Josef Schneider, Sr.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martin_Fischer_(automobile_designer)=Martin Fischer (automobile designer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicolas_Mesnager=Nicolas Mesnager
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adalbert_Merx=Adalbert Merx
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Breckin_Meyer=Breckin Meyer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_Shelepin=Alexander Shelepin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_Milles=Carl Milles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Victor_Turner=Victor Turner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Magdalena_Forsberg=Magdalena Forsberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/H._Louis_Dousman=H. Louis Dousman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johannes_Grubenmann=Johannes Grubenmann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Kirby_(entomologist)=William Kirby (entomologist)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/F._O._Matthiessen=F. O. Matthiessen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walter_C._Alvarez=Walter C. Alvarez
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mo_Ostin=Mo Ostin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elba_Esther_Gordillo=Elba Esther Gordillo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gustave_Reese=Gustave Reese
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Terrance_Dicks=Terrance Dicks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isabell_Masters=Isabell Masters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gerd_Gigerenzer=Gerd Gigerenzer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Felix_Borowski=Felix Borowski
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joe_Falls=Joe Falls
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Darrell_Rankin=Darrell Rankin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miladinov_brothers=Miladinov brothers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anita_Garvin=Anita Garvin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Crecquillon=Thomas Crecquillon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jackie_Stiles=Jackie Stiles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karnam_Malleswari=Karnam Malleswari
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rich_Lowry=Rich Lowry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amarsinh_Chaudhary=Amarsinh Chaudhary
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ray_Carney=Ray Carney
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_of_Bruys=Peter of Bruys
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Willy_Burkhard=Willy Burkhard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_L._Millet=Robert L. Millet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tricia_Marwick=Tricia Marwick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jim_Mather=Jim Mather
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Matheson_(politician)=Michael Matheson (politician)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mike_Chunn=Mike Chunn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Udomporn_Polsak=Udomporn Polsak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Erik_Poppe=Erik Poppe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blyth_Tait=Blyth Tait
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Jakob_von_Tschudi=Johann Jakob von Tschudi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moses_Sofer=Moses Sofer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ray_Tomlinson=Ray Tomlinson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/T._C._Hammond=T. C. Hammond
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jimmy_Naifeh=Jimmy Naifeh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oscar_A._C._Lund=Oscar A. C. Lund
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samuel_T._Cohen=Samuel T. Cohen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_den_Elzen=Michael den Elzen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Lanchbery=John Lanchbery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Dale_Owen=Robert Dale Owen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lars_Levi_Laestadius=Lars Levi Laestadius
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anita_Ekberg=Anita Ekberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martial_Asselin=Martial Asselin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stephen_Frears=Stephen Frears
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Butch_Johnson=Butch Johnson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacques_Doriot=Jacques Doriot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tzachi_Hanegbi=Tzachi Hanegbi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sterling_Newberry=Sterling Newberry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Esme_Howard,_1st_Baron_Howard_of_Penrith=Esme Howard, 1st Baron Howard of Penrith
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pete_Luckett=Pete Luckett
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ed_Bicknell=Ed Bicknell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frederick_Cook=Frederick Cook
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Malapert=Charles Malapert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Cole,_1st_Baron_Mountflorence=John Cole, 1st Baron Mountflorence
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matthew_Lillard=Matthew Lillard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kang_Youwei=Kang Youwei
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kasperi_Salo=Kasperi Salo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Staci_Keanan=Staci Keanan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Julio_Medem=Julio Medem
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Archie_Goodwin_(comics)=Archie Goodwin (comics)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Racine_Fricker=Peter Racine Fricker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antonio_Mercero=Antonio Mercero
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Humphrey_Searle=Humphrey Searle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_D._Aitken=David D. Aitken
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bruno_Lawrence=Bruno Lawrence
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kalyn_Free=Kalyn Free
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jerzy_Kukuczka=Jerzy Kukuczka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steve_Jansen=Steve Jansen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joe_Fedele=Joe Fedele
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jon_Dybdahl=Jon Dybdahl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Susan_Nattrass=Susan Nattrass
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tim_Anderson_(Zork)=Tim Anderson (Zork)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jonathan_Mayhew=Jonathan Mayhew
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francis_William_Kellogg=Francis William Kellogg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hugh_Blumenfeld=Hugh Blumenfeld
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Malvina_Hoffman=Malvina Hoffman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dilly_Knox=Dilly Knox
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vladimir_Platonov=Vladimir Platonov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Woodthorpe=Peter Woodthorpe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jehane_Noujaim=Jehane Noujaim
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexandros_Karageorgiou=Alexandros Karageorgiou
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Batatinha=Batatinha
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doug_Young_(politician)=Doug Young (politician)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tony_Plana=Tony Plana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tarundeep_Rai=Tarundeep Rai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Derek_Taunt=Derek Taunt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Whitney_Young=Whitney Young
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hang_Jebat=Hang Jebat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Julian_Fantino=Julian Fantino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Laurent=Robert Laurent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sonia_Waddell=Sonia Waddell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lois_Maxwell=Lois Maxwell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maurice_R._Greenberg=Maurice R. Greenberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeffrey_W._Greenberg=Jeffrey W. Greenberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harold_Maxwell-Lefroy=Harold Maxwell-Lefroy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phoebe_Campbell=Phoebe Campbell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ali_Abdi_Farah=Ali Abdi Farah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bernard_Fox_(actor)=Bernard Fox (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ellis_Henican=Ellis Henican
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alan_N._Cohen=Alan N. Cohen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harry_Reichenbach=Harry Reichenbach
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Juan_Antonio_Lavalleja=Juan Antonio Lavalleja
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rodolphe_Adada=Rodolphe Adada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rogatien_Biaou=Rogatien Biaou
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Bennet_Lawes=John Bennet Lawes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/R._K._Laxman=R. K. Laxman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Walton_(Continental_Congress)=John Walton (Continental Congress)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brian_Spillett=Brian Spillett
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Fisher_Burns=John Fisher Burns
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Ivany=Peter Ivany
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Sharpe_(politician)=William Sharpe (politician)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Agnes_Mary_Clerke=Agnes Mary Clerke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Onslow,_4th_Earl_of_Onslow=William Onslow, 4th Earl of Onslow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Cave,_1st_Viscount_Cave=George Cave, 1st Viscount Cave
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilhelm_Peters=Wilhelm Peters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Matschie=Paul Matschie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maurice_Pujo=Maurice Pujo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Russell_W._Porter=Russell W. Porter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fernando_Allende=Fernando Allende
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Page_Thomas_Moore=Charles Page Thomas Moore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jope_Seniloli=Jope Seniloli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_Lister,_Jr.=Tom Lister, Jr.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Henry_Letterman=William Henry Letterman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bill_Lear=Bill Lear
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rollo_Beck=Rollo Beck
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stuart_Brehaut=Stuart Brehaut
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chris_Dednam=Chris Dednam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_K._Dressel=James K. Dressel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hidetaka_Yamada=Hidetaka Yamada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ed_Coode=Ed Coode
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walter_Dyett=Walter Dyett
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Cracknell=James Cracknell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Drew_Ginn=Drew Ginn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emmanuel_Larcenet=Emmanuel Larcenet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gabriel_Bibron=Gabriel Bibron
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chien_Yu-hsiu=Chien Yu-hsiu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/J._F._Hendry=J. F. Hendry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Riley_Darnell=Riley Darnell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Fambrough=Henry Fambrough
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vasily_Polenov=Vasily Polenov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Forough_Farrokhzad=Forough Farrokhzad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Treece=Henry Treece
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Craig_Roberts=Paul Craig Roberts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Brimelow=Peter Brimelow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jim_Ronny_Andersen=Jim Ronny Andersen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Bunny=John Bunny
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pedro_Yang=Pedro Yang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Park_Tae-sang=Park Tae-sang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abhinn_Shyam_Gupta=Abhinn Shyam Gupta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dunstan_Thompson=Dunstan Thompson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marco_Vasconcelos=Marco Vasconcelos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shon_Seung-mo=Shon Seung-mo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antti_Viitikko=Antti Viitikko
http://dbpedia.org/resource/-minu=-minu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Smith_(Pennsylvania_judge)=Thomas Smith (Pennsylvania judge)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walter_Hinton=Walter Hinton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_R._Symonds=William R. Symonds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carmen_Lombardo=Carmen Lombardo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Smith_(Pennsylvania_congressman)=Thomas Smith (Pennsylvania congressman)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Stanley_Freeman=James Stanley Freeman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Terence_Tiller=Terence Tiller
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Alexander_Smith=Thomas Alexander Smith
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Irvin_Yeaworth=Irvin Yeaworth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ruth_Lowe=Ruth Lowe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Smith_(Royal_Navy_officer)=Thomas Smith (Royal Navy officer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_Fraser_Tytler=Alexander Fraser Tytler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bernard_Lee=Bernard Lee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Vernor_Smith=Thomas Vernor Smith
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Krzysztof_Wielicki=Krzysztof Wielicki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eugene_Roche=Eugene Roche
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Brown_(British_actor)=Robert Brown (British actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barry_Bucknell=Barry Bucknell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vasilisk_Gnedov=Vasilisk Gnedov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roy_Fuller=Roy Fuller
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Thompson_(jurist)=James Thompson (jurist)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_D._Porter=James D. Porter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jaycie_Phelps=Jaycie Phelps
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lynette_Roberts=Lynette Roberts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albert_S._Marks=Albert S. Marks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Smith_(Continental_Congress)=Richard Smith (Continental Congress)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Piers_Haggard=Piers Haggard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alvin_Hawkins=Alvin Hawkins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anders_Norudde=Anders Norudde
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keidrych_Rhys=Keidrych Rhys
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_B._Bate=William B. Bate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Pierce_(politician)=William Pierce (politician)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marvin_Johnson_(boxer)=Marvin Johnson (boxer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mikey_Smith=Mikey Smith
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Constantin_Perskyi=Constantin Perskyi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Love_Taylor=Robert Love Taylor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_P._Buchanan=John P. Buchanan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Turney=Peter Turney
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benton_McMillin=Benton McMillin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_B._Frazier=James B. Frazier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Russell_Doern=Russell Doern
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Muriel_Smith=Muriel Smith
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jim_Ladd=Jim Ladd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sir_William_Gladstone,_7th_Baronet=Sir William Gladstone, 7th Baronet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Neal_Fredericks=Neal Fredericks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marino_Torlonia,_4th_Prince_of_Civitella-Cesi=Marino Torlonia, 4th Prince of Civitella-Cesi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Hamilton,_5th_Duke_of_Abercorn=James Hamilton, 5th Duke of Abercorn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Claude_Drouin=Claude Drouin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arthur_John_Arberry=Arthur John Arberry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jodie_Swallow=Jodie Swallow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rosa_Mota=Rosa Mota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harry_Spira=Harry Spira
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harry_Cooper_(veterinarian)=Harry Cooper (veterinarian)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack_Kent_Cooke=Jack Kent Cooke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_Mydans=Carl Mydans
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joel_Osteen=Joel Osteen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patrick_John=Patrick John
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Birdsill_Holly=Birdsill Holly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Graham_Fellows=Graham Fellows
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manning_Marable=Manning Marable
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mary_Bernard_Aguirre=Mary Bernard Aguirre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sir_Henry_Holland,_1st_Baronet=Sir Henry Holland, 1st Baronet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tielman_Susato=Tielman Susato
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Strong_(Vermont_politician)=William Strong (Vermont politician)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wanda_Rutkiewicz=Wanda Rutkiewicz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diane_Suzuki=Diane Suzuki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Adams_(politician)=Thomas Adams (politician)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raymond_Loewy=Raymond Loewy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Axel_Springer=Axel Springer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elon_Musk=Elon Musk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tara_Fitzgerald=Tara Fitzgerald
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_M._Inglis=Charles M. Inglis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Bainbrigge_Fletcher=Thomas Bainbrigge Fletcher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daisy_Bates_(civil_rights_activist)=Daisy Bates (civil rights activist)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wrey_Gardiner=Wrey Gardiner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Valder=John Valder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luzmila_Carpio=Luzmila Carpio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sylvia_Ashley=Sylvia Ashley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Hardwicke=Thomas Hardwicke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kain_Tapper=Kain Tapper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kenichi_Yamakawa=Kenichi Yamakawa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pola_Negri=Pola Negri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daisy_Bates_(Australia)=Daisy Bates (Australia)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Frith=John Frith
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Josh_Brolin=Josh Brolin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Malcolm_R._Patterson=Malcolm R. Patterson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ben_W._Hooper=Ben W. Hooper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Bayliss=John Bayliss
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albert_H._Roberts=Albert H. Roberts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jared_Maddux=Jared Maddux
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frank_Gorrell=Frank Gorrell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rose_Bird=Rose Bird
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Blake_Glover=Thomas Blake Glover
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Willard_Mullin=Willard Mullin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Douglas_Corrigan=Douglas Corrigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bruce_R._McConkie=Bruce R. McConkie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ben_Cunningham_(activist)=Ben Cunningham (activist)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ehud_Vaks=Ehud Vaks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rocinante=Rocinante
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yazid_Sufaat=Yazid Sufaat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roland_Mathias=Roland Mathias
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daisy_Bates_(actress)=Daisy Bates (actress)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raja_Ravi_Varma=Raja Ravi Varma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Timothy_Colman=Timothy Colman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Winnaretta_Singer=Winnaretta Singer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alonso_de_Ercilla=Alonso de Ercilla
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Sutherland_Fraser=George Sutherland Fraser
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adolfo_Aristarain=Adolfo Aristarain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Janeway_Hardenbergh=Henry Janeway Hardenbergh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martin_Dossett=Martin Dossett
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Len_Harapiak=Len Harapiak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wheeler_Thackston=Wheeler Thackston
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andy_Anstett=Andy Anstett
http://dbpedia.org/resource/H._E._Hinton=H. E. Hinton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carlo_Scarpa=Carlo Scarpa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Kidd_(ambassador)=George Kidd (ambassador)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maureen_Hemphill=Maureen Hemphill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Conrad_Santos=Conrad Santos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jerome_of_Prague=Jerome of Prague
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kamar_de_los_Reyes=Kamar de los Reyes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mohamed_Benaissa=Mohamed Benaissa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Habib_Ben_Yahia=Habib Ben Yahia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cheikh_Tidiane_Gadio=Cheikh Tidiane Gadio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oluyemi_Adeniji=Oluyemi Adeniji
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nagasaka=Nagasaka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bartolomeo_Tromboncino=Bartolomeo Tromboncino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Campbell,_4th_Duke_of_Argyll=John Campbell, 4th Duke of Argyll
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lev_Pulver=Lev Pulver
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nectanebo_II=Nectanebo II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pepi_I_Meryre=Pepi I Meryre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ralph_de_Stafford,_1st_Earl_of_Stafford=Ralph de Stafford, 1st Earl of Stafford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Merenre_Nemtyemsaf_I=Merenre Nemtyemsaf I
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shirley_Strum_Kenny=Shirley Strum Kenny
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mark_Helprin=Mark Helprin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bruce_Fairbairn=Bruce Fairbairn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sir_Michael_Duff,_3rd_Baronet=Sir Michael Duff, 3rd Baronet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicholas_Fairbairn=Nicholas Fairbairn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wheeler_Hazard_Peckham=Wheeler Hazard Peckham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dag_Prawitz=Dag Prawitz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rick_Lyon=Rick Lyon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Young_Pelton=Robert Young Pelton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Josh_Marshall=Josh Marshall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leon_Kass=Leon Kass
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lenny_McLean=Lenny McLean
http://dbpedia.org/resource/May_Mansour=May Mansour
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yukari_Kawasaki=Yukari Kawasaki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jo-Ann_Galbraith=Jo-Ann Galbraith
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Skagul_Toste=Skagul Toste
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joan_Roberts=Joan Roberts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georges_Louis_Duvernoy=Georges Louis Duvernoy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Gray_(film_director)=James Gray (film director)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Hermann=Johann Hermann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eduard_Strauss=Eduard Strauss
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georg_August_Goldfuss=Georg August Goldfuss
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mary_Post=Mary Post
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ulf_Tostesson=Ulf Tostesson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anatoly_Guzhvin=Anatoly Guzhvin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thea_Astley=Thea Astley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sidney_Bradford=Sidney Bradford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Griffith_(zoologist)=Edward Griffith (zoologist)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madaline_Lee=Madaline Lee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Florence_Turner=Florence Turner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charlie_Munger=Charlie Munger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_M._Branham=William M. Branham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Denis_ApIvor=Denis ApIvor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Osburh=Osburh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leonard_Helm=Leonard Helm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antoine_Varillas=Antoine Varillas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Paulet,_1st_Marquess_of_Winchester=William Paulet, 1st Marquess of Winchester
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicholas_Gonzalez=Nicholas Gonzalez
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shirley_Robertson=Shirley Robertson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_E._Ward=Michael E. Ward
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daniel_Corbett=Daniel Corbett
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cineas=Cineas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Julian_Steward=Julian Steward
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samuel_Yellin=Samuel Yellin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adam_Nelson=Adam Nelson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wan_Li=Wan Li
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philip_Murray=Philip Murray
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack_Holt_(actor)=Jack Holt (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Middleton_Murry=John Middleton Murry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rudolf_Miele=Rudolf Miele
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Spencer,_4th_Duke_of_Marlborough=George Spencer, 4th Duke of Marlborough
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mortimer_Durand=Mortimer Durand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mike_Emrick=Mike Emrick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kim_Komando=Kim Komando
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Herbert_Reinecker=Herbert Reinecker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jon_Barwise=Jon Barwise
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harry_Cohn=Harry Cohn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Irving_Caesar=Irving Caesar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dominique_Bosshart=Dominique Bosshart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dechko_Uzunov=Dechko Uzunov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/J._Arthur_Ross=J. Arthur Ross
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Kushner=Charles Kushner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raymonde_de_Laroche=Raymonde de Laroche
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nikola_Avramov=Nikola Avramov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Victor_H._Metcalf=Victor H. Metcalf
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daniel_Joseph_Marion=Daniel Joseph Marion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zlatyu_Boyadzhiev=Zlatyu Boyadzhiev
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Claire_Bloom=Claire Bloom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dave_Graham_(climber)=Dave Graham (climber)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Delia_Albert=Delia Albert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dominique_Vian=Dominique Vian
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Askar_Aitmatov=Askar Aitmatov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Service_(historian)=Robert Service (historian)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fathulla_Jameel=Fathulla Jameel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Heinrich_Bleuler=Johann Heinrich Bleuler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack_Durrance=Jack Durrance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abraham_Bing=Abraham Bing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deborah_Servitto=Deborah Servitto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stephanie_Arnold=Stephanie Arnold
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Janet_Dykman=Janet Dykman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lamia_Bahnasawy=Lamia Bahnasawy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marie-Pier_Beaudet=Marie-Pier Beaudet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nataliya_Burdeyna=Nataliya Burdeyna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cedric_Phatudi=Cedric Phatudi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Gilcrease=Thomas Gilcrease
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Helen_Palmer_(archer)=Helen Palmer (archer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_L._Rhodes=Thomas L. Rhodes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Juleanna_Glover_Weiss=Juleanna Glover Weiss
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dola_Banerjee=Dola Banerjee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Natalia_Valeeva=Natalia Valeeva
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Donnelly_(writer)=Thomas Donnelly (writer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eliot_A._Cohen=Eliot A. Cohen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Khatuna_Narimanidze=Khatuna Narimanidze
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seti_II=Seti II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ramesses_X=Ramesses X
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chen_Li-ju=Chen Li-ju
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frederick_Kagan=Frederick Kagan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Podhoretz=John Podhoretz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Kagan=Robert Kagan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ramesses_XI=Ramesses XI
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Herihor=Herihor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Natalia_Nasaridze=Natalia Nasaridze
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lue_Gim_Gong=Lue Gim Gong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wiebke_Nulle=Wiebke Nulle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nargis_Nabieva=Nargis Nabieva
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ramesses_V=Ramesses V
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elena_Dostay=Elena Dostay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adrienne_Lecouvreur=Adrienne Lecouvreur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Ledyard=John Ledyard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mon_Redee_Sut_Txi=Mon Redee Sut Txi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicholas_Sparks_(politician)=Nicholas Sparks (politician)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carlo_Rainaldi=Carlo Rainaldi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Lee_(diplomat)=William Lee (diplomat)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Olivia_Serres=Olivia Serres
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Girolamo_Rainaldi=Girolamo Rainaldi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thin_Thin_Khaing=Thin Thin Khaing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kristine_Esebua=Kristine Esebua
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Knowlson_Gift=Knowlson Gift
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rafael_Bielsa=Rafael Bielsa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hanna_Karasiova=Hanna Karasiova
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fotini_Vavatsi=Fotini Vavatsi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lin_Sang=Lin Sang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexandra_Fouace=Alexandra Fouace
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kateryna_Palekha=Kateryna Palekha
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samson_Occom=Samson Occom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eugene_W._Oates=Eugene W. Oates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ioan_Slavici=Ioan Slavici
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Josef_Koudelka=Josef Koudelka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Metrocles=Metrocles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Judy_Robson=Judy Robson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrew_Samwick=Andrew Samwick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Bowler_(lexicographer)=Peter Bowler (lexicographer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bettina_Rheims=Bettina Rheims
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_James_Waterston=John James Waterston
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elvira_Madigan=Elvira Madigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guy_Ballard=Guy Ballard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sir_Richard_Fanshawe,_1st_Baronet=Sir Richard Fanshawe, 1st Baronet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ludvig_Mylius-Erichsen=Ludvig Mylius-Erichsen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Russell_Myers=Russell Myers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Otto_Hupp=Otto Hupp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Hume=Joseph Hume
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Ellis_(executioner)=John Ellis (executioner)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Natalie_Cook=Natalie Cook
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fakhruddin_Ali_Ahmed=Fakhruddin Ali Ahmed
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joyce_Young=Joyce Young
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Wever=Robert Wever
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Gordon,_16th_Earl_of_Sutherland=John Gordon, 16th Earl of Sutherland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marc_Hyman=Marc Hyman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shawn_Reaves=Shawn Reaves
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Tibbitt=Paul Tibbitt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Lovell_Beddoes=Thomas Lovell Beddoes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jessica_Hagedorn=Jessica Hagedorn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ed_Nelson=Ed Nelson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Lerner=George Lerner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ebenezer_Zane=Ebenezer Zane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leah_Rabin=Leah Rabin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Eyres_Landor=Robert Eyres Landor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samuel_L._Mitchill=Samuel L. Mitchill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Machon=Machon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yossi_Sarid=Yossi Sarid
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anatoly_Lyadov=Anatoly Lyadov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Rell_Madigan=Edward Rell Madigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Markoff_(sociologist)=John Markoff (sociologist)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mark_Alexander_Boyd=Mark Alexander Boyd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Azahari_Husin=Azahari Husin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lyse_Lemieux=Lyse Lemieux
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stewart_McLean=Stewart McLean
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A._S._F._Gow=A. S. F. Gow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patrick_Poivre_d'Arvor=Patrick Poivre d'Arvor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Johnson_(Manitoba_politician)=George Johnson (Manitoba politician)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christopher_Newport=Christopher Newport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sidney_Spivak=Sidney Spivak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrew_Hoy=Andrew Hoy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bettina_Hoy=Bettina Hoy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samantha_Bond=Samantha Bond
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caroline_Bliss=Caroline Bliss
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colin_Fletcher=Colin Fletcher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harry_Enns=Harry Enns
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pawina_Thongsuk=Pawina Thongsuk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elizabeth_Cavendish_(lawyer)=Elizabeth Cavendish (lawyer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_Andreyevich_Baranov=Alexander Andreyevich Baranov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_X._Cringely=Robert X. Cringely
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jessica_Collins=Jessica Collins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_S._Broder=David S. Broder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tshering_Chhoden=Tshering Chhoden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sheldon_Jackson=Sheldon Jackson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elpida_Romantzi=Elpida Romantzi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Natalia_Bolotova=Natalia Bolotova
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sayami_Matsushita=Sayami Matsushita
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jasmin_Figueroa=Jasmin Figueroa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eric_Schiller=Eric Schiller
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierre_Bernac=Pierre Bernac
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diego_Columbus=Diego Columbus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mari_Piuva=Mari Piuva
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sumangala_Sharma=Sumangala Sharma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Viktoriya_Beloslyudtseva=Viktoriya Beloslyudtseva
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wolf_Kahlen=Wolf Kahlen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anja_Hitzler=Anja Hitzler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iwona_Marcinkiewicz=Iwona Marcinkiewicz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Melissa_Jennison=Melissa Jennison
http://dbpedia.org/resource/W._W._Hiltz=W. W. Hiltz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tetyana_Berezhna=Tetyana Berezhna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brooks_Stevens=Brooks Stevens
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kirstin_Jean_Lewis=Kirstin Jean Lewis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ingrid_Jonker=Ingrid Jonker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reena_Kumari=Reena Kumari
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Justyna_Mospinek=Justyna Mospinek
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Almudena_Gallardo=Almudena Gallardo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Margarita_Galinovskaya=Margarita Galinovskaya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Naomi_Folkard=Naomi Folkard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jimmy_Kinnon=Jimmy Kinnon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matt_Bomer=Matt Bomer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zhang_Juanjuan=Zhang Juanjuan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jennifer_Nichols=Jennifer Nichols
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fazlur_Rahman_Malik=Fazlur Rahman Malik
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kevin_McCarthy_(radio)=Kevin McCarthy (radio)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_B._Lewis=Peter B. Lewis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tate_Donovan=Tate Donovan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Ford_(kayaker)=David Ford (kayaker)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keith_David=Keith David
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jiang_Tingxi=Jiang Tingxi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thaddeus_Cahill=Thaddeus Cahill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eric_Eldred=Eric Eldred
http://dbpedia.org/resource/He_Ying=He Ying
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Evangelia_Psarra=Evangelia Psarra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nikolaos_Kaklamanakis=Nikolaos Kaklamanakis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Price_(cartoonist)=George Price (cartoonist)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luis_de_Alba=Luis de Alba
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jules_Joseph_Lefebvre=Jules Joseph Lefebvre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wu_Hui-ju=Wu Hui-ju
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rosser_Reeves=Rosser Reeves
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Moriarty=Michael Moriarty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Candice_Earley=Candice Earley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anne_Meacham=Anne Meacham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Summer_Lochowicz=Summer Lochowicz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zef_Bushati=Zef Bushati
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arthur_Lee_(diplomat)=Arthur Lee (diplomat)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aleksandr_Antonov_(politician)=Aleksandr Antonov (politician)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philip_of_Sweden=Philip of Sweden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inge_the_Younger=Inge the Younger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maxwell_Atoms=Maxwell Atoms
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nick_Brennan=Nick Brennan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Magnus_I_of_Sweden=Magnus I of Sweden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Weibel=Peter Weibel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alois_Musil=Alois Musil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Basharmal_Sultani=Basharmal Sultani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mustafa_Fazl_Pasha=Mustafa Fazl Pasha
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Samuel_Myers=Charles Samuel Myers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Donovan_Cech=Donovan Cech
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friedrich_Myconius=Friedrich Myconius
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ramon_di_Clemente=Ramon di Clemente
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Claudia_Muzio=Claudia Muzio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gilbert_Murray=Gilbert Murray
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_B._Murphy=William B. Murphy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jimmy_Murphy_(cartoonist)=Jimmy Murphy (cartoonist)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Franklin_David_Murphy=Franklin David Murphy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Beverly_Murphy=William Beverly Murphy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Daniel_Murphy=Robert Daniel Murphy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Francis_Murphy=Charles Francis Murphy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steve_Williams_(rower)=Steve Williams (rower)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Murad_Bey=Murad Bey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kenneth_MacKenzie_Murchison=Kenneth MacKenzie Murchison
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Werner_Munzinger=Werner Munzinger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Edward_Munroe=Charles Edward Munroe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theodor_Mundt=Theodor Mundt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karl_E._Mundt=Karl E. Mundt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alan_Noel_Latimer_Munby=Alan Noel Latimer Munby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adrien_Albert_Marie_de_Mun=Adrien Albert Marie de Mun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ethel_Watts_Mumford=Ethel Watts Mumford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lawrence_Quincy_Mumford=Lawrence Quincy Mumford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cath_Bishop=Cath Bishop
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Katherine_Grainger=Katherine Grainger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ben_Ainslie=Ben Ainslie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luis_Taruc=Luis Taruc
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Hugh_Joseph_Tate=James Hugh Joseph Tate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Taube=Henry Taube
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Albertus_Tawney=James Albertus Tawney
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Crampton_(politician)=Peter Crampton (politician)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brian_Ransom=Brian Ransom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deems_Taylor=Deems Taylor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ethan_Embry=Ethan Embry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Wilkinson_Taylor_(educator)=John Wilkinson Taylor (educator)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clayton_Manness=Clayton Manness
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matthew_White_Ridley,_1st_Viscount_Ridley=Matthew White Ridley, 1st Viscount Ridley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Matthew_Hillsman_Taylor=Peter Matthew Hillsman Taylor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bent_Gestur_Sivertz=Bent Gestur Sivertz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Myron_Charles_Taylor=Myron Charles Taylor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sarah_Knox_Taylor=Sarah Knox Taylor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Tazewell=Henry Tazewell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hugh_Andrew_Young=Hugh Andrew Young
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hugh_Llewellyn_Keenleyside=Hugh Llewellyn Keenleyside
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frederick_D._White=Frederick D. White
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stuart_Murray=Stuart Murray
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Wallace_Cory=William Wallace Cory
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Darren_Praznik=Darren Praznik
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Ormsby-Gore,_4th_Baron_Harlech=William Ormsby-Gore, 4th Baron Harlech
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Irniq=Peter Irniq
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Hunt,_Baron_Hunt=John Hunt, Baron Hunt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Mitchell_(actor)=James Mitchell (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mike_Gabbard=Mike Gabbard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tedla_Bairu=Tedla Bairu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sir_Isaac_Holden,_1st_Baronet=Sir Isaac Holden, 1st Baronet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rolando_Hourruitiner=Rolando Hourruitiner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jorge_Rivera_(basketball)=Jorge Rivera (basketball)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robin_Leigh-Pemberton,_Baron_Kingsdown=Robin Leigh-Pemberton, Baron Kingsdown
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yuan_Shu-chi=Yuan Shu-chi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chris_Klein_(actor)=Chris Klein (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Park_Sung-hyun=Park Sung-hyun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uys_Krige=Uys Krige
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Matthews,_1st_Viscount_Llandaff=Henry Matthews, 1st Viscount Llandaff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Hopkins_(writer)=John Hopkins (writer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Julian_Pauncefote,_1st_Baron_Pauncefote=Julian Pauncefote, 1st Baron Pauncefote
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Shine=Michael Shine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_O'Leary_(businessman)=Michael O'Leary (businessman)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lee_Lin_Chin=Lee Lin Chin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elisabeth_Eybers=Elisabeth Eybers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sefton_Delmer=Sefton Delmer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steph_Cook=Steph Cook
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_E._Mellish=John E. Mellish
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Leppin=Paul Leppin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don_Andrews=Don Andrews
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Surowiecki=James Surowiecki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bill_Richardson_(radio)=Bill Richardson (radio)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stuart_McLean=Stuart McLean
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Erdmann_Isert=Paul Erdmann Isert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cornplanter=Cornplanter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patric_Zimmerman=Patric Zimmerman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yuki_Yokosawa=Yuki Yokosawa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Achille_Urbain=Achille Urbain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Douglas_Marland=Douglas Marland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adrian_Lyne=Adrian Lyne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Spong=Paul Spong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buffy-Lynne_Williams=Buffy-Lynne Williams
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Simon_Dubnow=Simon Dubnow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Darcy_Marquardt=Darcy Marquardt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Herschmiller=Thomas Herschmiller
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barney_Williams=Barney Williams
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jake_Wetzel=Jake Wetzel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicolas_Macrozonaris=Nicolas Macrozonaris
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Larcena_Pennington_Page=Larcena Pennington Page
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harriet_E._MacGibbon=Harriet E. MacGibbon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Connor=William Connor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daniel_Michael_Tellep=Daniel Michael Tellep
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_M._Teller=Henry M. Teller
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diallo_Telli=Diallo Telli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arthur_Hamilton-Gordon,_1st_Baron_Stanmore=Arthur Hamilton-Gordon, 1st Baron Stanmore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Brewster_(ornithologist)=William Brewster (ornithologist)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Paul_(actor)=John Paul (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peregrine_White=Peregrine White
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Brewster_(Mayflower_passenger)=William Brewster (Mayflower passenger)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nuria_Juncosa=Nuria Juncosa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Collett_E._Woolman=Collett E. Woolman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rupert_Lowe=Rupert Lowe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tupaia_(navigator)=Tupaia (navigator)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silvius_Magnago=Silvius Magnago
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shiri_Appleby=Shiri Appleby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Sutcliffe_(designer)=John Sutcliffe (designer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henri_Gastaut=Henri Gastaut
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jay_Chandrasekhar=Jay Chandrasekhar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ragnvald_Ulfsson=Ragnvald Ulfsson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilhelm_Albert_(engineer)=Wilhelm Albert (engineer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Heffron=John Heffron
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Gawsworth=John Gawsworth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ross_Burge=Ross Burge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benjamin_Bourne=Benjamin Bourne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harry_Sinclair=Harry Sinclair
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stefan_Holm=Stefan Holm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Sorvino=Paul Sorvino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tinto_Brass=Tinto Brass
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xabier_Arzalluz=Xabier Arzalluz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Derrick_de_Kerckhove=Derrick de Kerckhove
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Horace_Gregory=Horace Gregory
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Justin_Gatlin=Justin Gatlin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Erin_Torpey=Erin Torpey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eustache_Le_Sueur=Eustache Le Sueur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elsie_Janis=Elsie Janis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Morten_Grunwald=Morten Grunwald
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierre_Mignard=Pierre Mignard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Billy_Bush=Billy Bush
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Rolfe=Thomas Rolfe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francis_Obikwelu=Francis Obikwelu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dirch_Passer=Dirch Passer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Enrico_Colantoni=Enrico Colantoni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sabrina_Le_Beauf=Sabrina Le Beauf
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Betty_Garrett=Betty Garrett
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ana_Gasteyer=Ana Gasteyer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sterling_Hayden=Sterling Hayden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Geoffrey_Owens=Geoffrey Owens
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marko_Kemppainen=Marko Kemppainen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mizuki_Noguchi=Mizuki Noguchi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mary_MacLane=Mary MacLane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Cera=Michael Cera
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean-Baptiste_Lemoyne=Jean-Baptiste Lemoyne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tony_Hale=Tony Hale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jessica_Walter=Jessica Walter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ron_Leibman=Ron Leibman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lilli_Lehmann=Lilli Lehmann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilhelm_Lehmbruck=Wilhelm Lehmbruck
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Chancellor=John Chancellor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilhelm_Leibl=Wilhelm Leibl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christian_Olsson=Christian Olsson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Will_Arnett=Will Arnett
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scott_Jennings_(game_designer)=Scott Jennings (game designer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amy_Poehler=Amy Poehler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Semiha_Berksoy=Semiha Berksoy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Feliks_W._Kres=Feliks W. Kres
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arthur_Brown,_Jr.=Arthur Brown, Jr.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brandon_Cruz=Brandon Cruz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Erik_Jan_Hanussen=Erik Jan Hanussen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sondra_Locke=Sondra Locke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mark_Boswell=Mark Boswell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lisa_Hartman_Black=Lisa Hartman Black
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cleavon_Little=Cleavon Little
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Myriam_Boileau=Myriam Boileau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mara_Jones=Mara Jones
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fiona_Milne=Fiona Milne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frances_Fisher=Frances Fisher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martha_Quinn=Martha Quinn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jonathan_Mandick=Jonathan Mandick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gavin_Hassett=Gavin Hassett
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jon_Beare=Jon Beare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frank_Hursley=Frank Hursley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scott_Frandsen=Scott Frandsen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kevin_Light=Kevin Light
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ben_Rutledge=Ben Rutledge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joe_Stankevicius=Joe Stankevicius
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adam_Kreek=Adam Kreek
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrew_Hoskins=Andrew Hoskins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeff_Powell=Jeff Powell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georges_Lefebvre=Georges Lefebvre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Quiroga=Robert Quiroga
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lu_You=Lu You
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nobuo_Tobita=Nobuo Tobita
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lu_Yu=Lu Yu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mayumi_Tanaka=Mayumi Tanaka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Akira_Kamiya=Akira Kamiya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_McAlmon=Robert McAlmon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andreas_Gruentzig=Andreas Gruentzig
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ewan_Cameron=Ewan Cameron
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bob_Homme=Bob Homme
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_L._Shirer=William L. Shirer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bruno_Gerussi=Bruno Gerussi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Leighton_(bishop)=Robert Leighton (bishop)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Mattis=Peter Mattis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Olaf_Tufte=Olaf Tufte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Viola_Slaughter=Viola Slaughter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacques_Lemercier=Jacques Lemercier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apache_May_Slaughter=Apache May Slaughter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrey_Yefimovich_Martynov=Andrey Yefimovich Martynov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antonio_Scandello=Antonio Scandello
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Viorica_Susanu=Viorica Susanu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johan_van_Galen=Johan van Galen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georgeta_Damian=Georgeta Damian
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrew_Snoid=Andrew Snoid
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mark_Bell_(New_Zealand_musician)=Mark Bell (New Zealand musician)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kathrin_Boron=Kathrin Boron
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maury_Parent=Maury Parent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yolande_de_Polastron=Yolande de Polastron
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marjorie_Garber=Marjorie Garber
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Kahn_(film_editor)=Michael Kahn (film editor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edwin_R._Holmes=Edwin R. Holmes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antonio_Rosetti=Antonio Rosetti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Africanus=George Africanus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fane_Flaws=Fane Flaws
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ian_Gilroy=Ian Gilroy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bernard_Castro=Bernard Castro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Dasent=Peter Dasent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beaver_(singer)=Beaver (singer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wallace_Reid=Wallace Reid
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Urlich=Peter Urlich
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gladys_Brockwell=Gladys Brockwell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Hodge_(screenwriter)=John Hodge (screenwriter)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diedrich_Bader=Diedrich Bader
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Evelyn_Brent=Evelyn Brent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/E._G._Marshall=E. G. Marshall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Avery_Haines=Avery Haines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bill_Harsha=Bill Harsha
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Murray,_11th_Duke_of_Atholl=John Murray, 11th Duke of Atholl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aleksey_Konstantinovich_Tolstoy=Aleksey Konstantinovich Tolstoy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daniel_Petrie=Daniel Petrie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Strange_Spencer-Churchill=John Strange Spencer-Churchill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mithal_al-Hasnawi=Mithal al-Hasnawi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Acquanetta=Acquanetta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bruce_McCulloch=Bruce McCulloch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abraham_Z._Joffe=Abraham Z. Joffe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Garner=Paul Garner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mike_Farmwald=Mike Farmwald
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jim_Skardon=Jim Skardon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeremy_Wariner=Jeremy Wariner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Lawrence_Daly=John Lawrence Daly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cheikh_Sarr=Cheikh Sarr
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Daly_(American_media_personality)=John Daly (American media personality)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marlene_Ahrens=Marlene Ahrens
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Otis_Harris=Otis Harris
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roy_Perry=Roy Perry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Lederer=Richard Lederer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Siren_Sundby=Siren Sundby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yeshey_Zimba=Yeshey Zimba
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Khandu_Wangchuk=Khandu Wangchuk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Katy_Lederer=Katy Lederer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keiji_Nakazawa=Keiji Nakazawa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Meares=John Meares
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_Hayden=Tom Hayden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Will_Geer=Will Geer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Tauber=Richard Tauber
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_Agricola=Alexander Agricola
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_Cassatt=Alexander Cassatt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stuart_Matchett=Stuart Matchett
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Geoffrey_Mulcahy=Geoffrey Mulcahy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tonya_Verbeek=Tonya Verbeek
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don_Chevrier=Don Chevrier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dean_Benjamin_McLaughlin=Dean Benjamin McLaughlin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_E._Sawyer=Charles E. Sawyer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frank_Yablans=Frank Yablans
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roy_Chaderton=Roy Chaderton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luis_Ernesto_Derbez=Luis Ernesto Derbez
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Moll=Richard Moll
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hunter_Hancock=Hunter Hancock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mary_Guiney=Mary Guiney
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Kirgo=George Kirgo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anne_Montminy=Anne Montminy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alessandro_Grandi=Alessandro Grandi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phoutlamphay_Thiamphasone=Phoutlamphay Thiamphasone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ismail_Essam=Ismail Essam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Franck_Fisseux=Franck Fisseux
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yuji_Hamano=Yuji Hamano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lockoneco=Lockoneco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apostolos_Nanos=Apostolos Nanos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yong_Fujun=Yong Fujun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dmitry_Nevmerzhitsky=Dmitry Nevmerzhitsky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Naglieri=Thomas Naglieri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jocelyn_de_Grandis=Jocelyn de Grandis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Simon_Fairweather=Simon Fairweather
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sifa_Taumoepeau=Sifa Taumoepeau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pieter_Custers=Pieter Custers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ken_Uprichard=Ken Uprichard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ricardo_Merlos=Ricardo Merlos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mattias_Eriksson=Mattias Eriksson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maged_Youssef=Maged Youssef
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Majhi_Sawaiyan=Majhi Sawaiyan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georgios_Kalogiannidis=Georgios Kalogiannidis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jorge_Pablo_Chapoy=Jorge Pablo Chapoy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Barnes_(archer)=David Barnes (archer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeff_Henckels=Jeff Henckels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hasan_Orbay=Hasan Orbay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jonathan_Ohayon=Jonathan Ohayon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Magera=John Magera
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ron_van_der_Hoff=Ron van der Hoff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michele_Frangilli=Michele Frangilli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Erin_White=Erin White
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lauren_Bay_Regula=Lauren Bay Regula
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jimmy_Bryant=Jimmy Bryant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rachel_Schill=Rachel Schill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hasse_Pavia_Lind=Hasse Pavia Lind
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Frankenberg=Michael Frankenberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brendan_Foster=Brendan Foster
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kristy_Odamura=Kristy Odamura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tashi_Peljor=Tashi Peljor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angela_Lichty=Angela Lichty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wietse_van_Alten=Wietse van Alten
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alison_Bradley=Alison Bradley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liu_Ming-huang=Liu Ming-huang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dmytro_Hrachov=Dmytro Hrachov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Erin_Cumpstone=Erin Cumpstone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yavor_Hristov=Yavor Hristov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kim_Sarrazin=Kim Sarrazin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wang_Cheng-pang=Wang Cheng-pang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jackie_Lance=Jackie Lance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ray_Dennis_Steckler=Ray Dennis Steckler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Magnus_Petersson=Magnus Petersson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sheena_Lawrick=Sheena Lawrick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sasha_Olson=Sasha Olson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ani_Nyhus=Ani Nyhus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Auburn_Sigurdson=Auburn Sigurdson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kaila_Holtz=Kaila Holtz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Claude_Lelouch=Claude Lelouch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sandy_Frank=Sandy Frank
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christine_Nordhagen=Christine Nordhagen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Viola_Yanik=Viola Yanik
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Upson_Clark=Charles Upson Clark
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yoshio_Kodama=Yoshio Kodama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Davisson=Richard Davisson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hugh_Sinclair=Hugh Sinclair
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Josephine_Earp=Josephine Earp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yoshito_Usui=Yoshito Usui
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glenn_Corbett=Glenn Corbett
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philip_G._Epstein=Philip G. Epstein
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Julius_J._Epstein=Julius J. Epstein
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shirkuh=Shirkuh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guntars_Krasts=Guntars Krasts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roberto_Goyeneche=Roberto Goyeneche
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arthur_Baysting=Arthur Baysting
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Penny=John Penny
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oliviero_Toscani=Oliviero Toscani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jason_Epstein=Jason Epstein
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Oliver_(Lieutenant_Governor)=Thomas Oliver (Lieutenant Governor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arthur_De_Greef=Arthur De Greef
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bobbie_L._Sterne=Bobbie L. Sterne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jim_Tarbell=Jim Tarbell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Kite=John Kite
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vincenzo_Peruggia=Vincenzo Peruggia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dominic_Cadbury=Dominic Cadbury
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johannes_Semper=Johannes Semper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jim_Luken=Jim Luken
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angelo_Branduardi=Angelo Branduardi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Todd_Wagner=Todd Wagner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Morton_Halperin=Morton Halperin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kim_Jeong-ho=Kim Jeong-ho
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ted_Berry=Ted Berry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Victor_Noir=Victor Noir
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Owen_Oglethorpe=Owen Oglethorpe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Sanders_(actor)=Richard Sanders (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frank_Bonner=Frank Bonner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gary_Sandy=Gary Sandy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Adu-Bobie=Richard Adu-Bobie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clyde_Hart=Clyde Hart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marco_Biagi_(jurist)=Marco Biagi (jurist)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philip_Syng_Physick=Philip Syng Physick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Courtney_Babcock=Courtney Babcock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Satyadev_Prasad=Satyadev Prasad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oleksandr_Serdyuk=Oleksandr Serdyuk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anton_Prylepau=Anton Prylepau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xue_Haifeng=Xue Haifeng
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Viktor_Ruban=Viktor Ruban
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vic_Wunderle=Vic Wunderle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chen_Szu-yuan=Chen Szu-yuan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tim_Cuddihy=Tim Cuddihy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marco_Galiazzo=Marco Galiazzo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hiroshi_Yamamoto_(archer)=Hiroshi Yamamoto (archer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Hannay,_Baron_Hannay_of_Chiswick=David Hannay, Baron Hannay of Chiswick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fabrice_Bellard=Fabrice Bellard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Camille_Coduri=Camille Coduri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Donna_Pescow=Donna Pescow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Al_Dvorin=Al Dvorin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paschal_Grousset=Paschal Grousset
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Igor_Kostin=Igor Kostin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hywel_Bennett=Hywel Bennett
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Neal_D._Barnard=Neal D. Barnard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacob_Cox=Jacob Cox
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dan_Lin=Dan Lin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charmaine_Reid=Charmaine Reid
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nigella_Saunders=Nigella Saunders
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michelle_Claire_Edwards=Michelle Claire Edwards
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patricia_Bruder=Patricia Bruder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ling_Wan_Ting=Ling Wan Ting
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ernesto_Schiaparelli=Ernesto Schiaparelli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anu_Nieminen=Anu Nieminen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lorena_Blanco=Lorena Blanco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jiang_Yanmei=Jiang Yanmei
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Salakjit_Ponsana=Salakjit Ponsana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lenny_Permana=Lenny Permana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jun_Jae-youn=Jun Jae-youn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kelly_Morgan=Kelly Morgan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Karl_Rodbertus=Johann Karl Rodbertus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seo_Yoon-hee=Seo Yoon-hee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ivan_Kupreyanov=Ivan Kupreyanov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adam_Beach=Adam Beach
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hamo_de_Crevequer=Hamo de Crevequer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zhou_Mi_(badminton)=Zhou Mi (badminton)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tadeusz_Mazowiecki=Tadeusz Mazowiecki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ken_Friedman=Ken Friedman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sir_George_Yonge,_5th_Baronet=Sir George Yonge, 5th Baronet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patapol_Ngernsrisuk=Patapol Ngernsrisuk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theodoros_Velkos=Theodoros Velkos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Patis=George Patis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Travis_Denney=Travis Denney
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ashley_Brehaut=Ashley Brehaut
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dorian_James=Dorian James
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stewart_Carson=Stewart Carson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Scott_(Apple)=Michael Scott (Apple)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_Turney_Stewart=Alexander Turney Stewart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pramote_Teerawiwatana=Pramote Teerawiwatana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tesana_Panvisvas=Tesana Panvisvas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kevin_Qi_Han=Kevin Qi Han
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keita_Masuda=Keita Masuda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yim_Bang-eun=Yim Bang-eun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kim_Yong-hyun=Kim Yong-hyun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sang_Yang=Sang Yang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zheng_Bo=Zheng Bo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ha_Tae-kwon=Ha Tae-kwon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Denyse_Julien=Denyse Julien
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kate_Wilson-Smith=Kate Wilson-Smith
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anna_Rice=Anna Rice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jane_Crabtree=Jane Crabtree
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Neli_Boteva=Neli Boteva
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Helen_Nichol=Helen Nichol
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Li_Wing_Mui=Li Wing Mui
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Koon_Wai_Chee=Koon Wai Chee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shizuka_Yamamoto=Shizuka Yamamoto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chantal_Botts=Chantal Botts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seiko_Yamada=Seiko Yamada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gwilym_Lloyd_George,_1st_Viscount_Tenby=Gwilym Lloyd George, 1st Viscount Tenby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alvin_M._Johnston=Alvin M. Johnston
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Altaf_Hussain_Hali=Altaf Hussain Hali
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rulon_Gardner=Rulon Gardner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_C._Pimentel=George C. Pimentel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gennady_Kolbin=Gennady Kolbin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeffrey_Maier=Jeffrey Maier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Megan_Lloyd_George=Megan Lloyd George
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mark_Thatcher=Mark Thatcher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dana_Ellis=Dana Ellis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lee_Lai_Shan=Lee Lai Shan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guylaine_Dumont=Guylaine Dumont
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Annie_Martin=Annie Martin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kerri_Walsh_Jennings=Kerri Walsh Jennings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Misty_May-Treanor=Misty May-Treanor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guido_Gezelle=Guido Gezelle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Mronz=Michael Mronz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Maloney=David Maloney
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Park_Kwang-su=Park Kwang-su
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacob_Letterstedt=Jacob Letterstedt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samuel_Prideaux_Tregelles=Samuel Prideaux Tregelles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francis_Brown_(theologian)=Francis Brown (theologian)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arthur_Cushman_McGiffert=Arthur Cushman McGiffert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samuel_Rolles_Driver=Samuel Rolles Driver
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benjamin_Kennicott=Benjamin Kennicott
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Robinson_(bishop)=Henry Robinson (bishop)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Augustus_Briggs=Charles Augustus Briggs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Senhouse=Richard Senhouse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hubert_Raudaschl=Hubert Raudaschl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francis_White_(bishop)=Francis White (bishop)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shane_Hamman=Shane Hamman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kurt_Albert_Gerlach=Kurt Albert Gerlach
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jill_Savege=Jill Savege
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beverly_M._Vincent=Beverly M. Vincent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stuff_Smith=Stuff Smith
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abraham_Hyacinthe_Anquetil-Duperron=Abraham Hyacinthe Anquetil-Duperron
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ian_Marter=Ian Marter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis-Pierre_Anquetil=Louis-Pierre Anquetil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patricia_Miranda=Patricia Miranda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eleni_Ioannou=Eleni Ioannou
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leo_Baeck=Leo Baeck
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Radcliffe_(politician)=George Radcliffe (politician)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Umar_Bin_Hassan=Umar Bin Hassan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Hulke=John Hulke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matteo_Maria_Boiardo=Matteo Maria Boiardo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Larry_Householder=Larry Householder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierre_de_la_Rue=Pierre de la Rue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oveta_Culp_Hobby=Oveta Culp Hobby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dwight_Tillery=Dwight Tillery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ariel_Ze'evi=Ariel Ze'evi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Lee_Burke=James Lee Burke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mark_J._Bennett=Mark J. Bennett
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abiodun_Oyepitan=Abiodun Oyepitan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frederick_McCoy=Frederick McCoy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MRK=MRK
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Earl_I._Anzai=Earl I. Anzai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maren_Jensen=Maren Jensen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ann_Packer=Ann Packer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Olga_Kuzenkova=Olga Kuzenkova
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kate_Allen_(triathlete)=Kate Allen (triathlete)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christopher_Jacot=Christopher Jacot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keiko_Yoshitomi=Keiko Yoshitomi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ella_Tripp=Ella Tripp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chikako_Nakayama=Chikako Nakayama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RaD_Man=RaD Man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hwang_Yu-mi=Hwang Yu-mi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lotte_Bruil-Jonathans=Lotte Bruil-Jonathans
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sathinee_Chankrachangwong=Sathinee Chankrachangwong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zhao_Tingting=Zhao Tingting
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wei_Yili=Wei Yili
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Josef_Strzygowski=Josef Strzygowski
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yang_Wei_(badminton)=Yang Wei (badminton)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zhang_Jiewen=Zhang Jiewen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hossein_Rezazadeh=Hossein Rezazadeh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gary_Gulman=Gary Gulman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vasily_Chichagov=Vasily Chichagov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Blakeney=Michael Blakeney
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steve_Bing=Steve Bing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lance_Parkin=Lance Parkin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/S._Daniel_Abraham=S. Daniel Abraham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nobutada_Saji=Nobutada Saji
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stan_Winston=Stan Winston
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yoshiaki_Tsutsumi=Yoshiaki Tsutsumi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luvsangiin_Erdenechuluun=Luvsangiin Erdenechuluun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Adolphus=John Adolphus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philippe_Bourret=Philippe Bourret
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marina_Yakusheva=Marina Yakusheva
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nikolai_Zuyev_(badminton)=Nikolai Zuyev (badminton)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edmund_Yates=Edmund Yates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Svetoslav_Stoyanov=Svetoslav Stoyanov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Victoria_Wright=Victoria Wright
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Amory_(author)=Thomas Amory (author)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mike_Beres=Mike Beres
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jody_Patrick=Jody Patrick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antoinette_Uys=Antoinette Uys
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Asgill=John Asgill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edwin_Atherstone=Edwin Atherstone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chris_Bruil=Chris Bruil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Aytoun=Robert Aytoun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sara_Petersen_(badminton)=Sara Petersen (badminton)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daniel_Shirley=Daniel Shirley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Bage=Robert Bage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Bannatyne=Richard Bannatyne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bernard_Barton=Bernard Barton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Spencer_Baynes=Thomas Spencer Baynes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Haynes_Bayly=Thomas Haynes Bayly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ada_Ellen_Bayly=Ada Ellen Bayly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Beresford=James Beresford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Bourchier,_2nd_Baron_Berners=John Bourchier, 2nd Baron Berners
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walter_Besant=Walter Besant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Grande=George Grande
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benson_Fong=Benson Fong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dean_Paul_Martin=Dean Paul Martin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Max_Wright=Max Wright
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Segundo_Cernadas=Segundo Cernadas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_Snyder=Tom Snyder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Debbe_Dunning=Debbe Dunning
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robyn_Williams=Robyn Williams
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Todd_Betts=Todd Betts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chris_Gueffroy=Chris Gueffroy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hugh_H._Rowatt=Hugh H. Rowatt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeremy_Ware=Jeremy Ware
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phil_Devey=Phil Devey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Ogiltree=John Ogiltree
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phil_Graham=Phil Graham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samuel_Bishop=Samuel Bishop
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Blacklock=Thomas Blacklock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeff_Guiel=Jeff Guiel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chris_Begg=Chris Begg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Susanna_Blamire=Susanna Blamire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mathilde_Blind=Mathilde Blind
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Henry_Boker=George Henry Boker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Archibald_Bower=Archibald Bower
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Horatius_Bonar=Horatius Bonar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Bodenham=John Bodenham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrew_Kennedy_Hutchison_Boyd=Andrew Kennedy Hutchison Boyd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zachary_Boyd=Zachary Boyd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Bramston=James Bramston
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Bradley_(writer)=Edward Bradley (writer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Brooke_(writer)=Henry Brooke (writer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anna_Eliza_Bray=Anna Eliza Bray
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maria_Gowen_Brooks=Maria Gowen Brooks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shirley_Brooks=Shirley Brooks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Hobhouse,_1st_Baron_Broughton=John Hobhouse, 1st Baron Broughton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mike_Kusiewicz=Mike Kusiewicz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hamish_Carter=Hamish Carter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mark_Heese=Mark Heese
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Child_(volleyball)=John Child (volleyball)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scipione_Borghese=Scipione Borghese
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Courtenay_Stewart=Courtenay Stewart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nellie_Cashman=Nellie Cashman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miguel_Lerdo_de_Tejada=Miguel Lerdo de Tejada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frank_Kelly=Frank Kelly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Terry_Deary=Terry Deary
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Korky_Paul=Korky Paul
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sydney_Nicholson=Sydney Nicholson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bernard_Lietaer=Bernard Lietaer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stacey_Williams=Stacey Williams
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pamela_Salem=Pamela Salem
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aleksei_Shein=Aleksei Shein
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wessel_van_Diepen=Wessel van Diepen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lizzie_Webb=Lizzie Webb
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Byrd_II=William Byrd II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Stupin=Paul Stupin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Byrd_I=William Byrd I
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pavel_Chichagov=Pavel Chichagov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Herapath=John Herapath
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ivonne_Coll=Ivonne Coll
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Karoli=Michael Karoli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francis_George_Fowler=Francis George Fowler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mark_O'Hare=Mark O'Hare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Darren_McGavin=Darren McGavin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cyril_Ogston=Cyril Ogston
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jay_Lender=Jay Lender
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis_Pierre_Mouillard=Louis Pierre Mouillard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Kiberd=James Kiberd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ted_Brocklebank=Ted Brocklebank
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Allen_(track_athlete)=Charles Allen (track athlete)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joe_Soucheray=Joe Soucheray
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kenneth_Reese_Cole,_Jr.=Kenneth Reese Cole, Jr.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frank_Vanhecke=Frank Vanhecke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lorraine_Hunt_Lieberson=Lorraine Hunt Lieberson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cali_Timmins=Cali Timmins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mihai_Antonescu=Mihai Antonescu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lloyd_Wright=Lloyd Wright
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fakhr-al-Din_Iraqi=Fakhr-al-Din Iraqi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jennifer_Leak=Jennifer Leak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Esmond_Romilly=Esmond Romilly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albert_Watson_(South_Carolina)=Albert Watson (South Carolina)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joachim_of_Fiore=Joachim of Fiore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henri_Joseph_Du_Laurens=Henri Joseph Du Laurens
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walter_Lentaigne=Walter Lentaigne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abdoulaye_Yerodia_Ndombasi=Abdoulaye Yerodia Ndombasi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cheryl_Holdridge=Cheryl Holdridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Millman=Peter Millman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vilayat_Guliyev=Vilayat Guliyev
http://dbpedia.org/resource/June_Tyson=June Tyson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Fitzgerald_Beale=Edward Fitzgerald Beale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grace_Lee_Whitney=Grace Lee Whitney
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DJ_Die=DJ Die
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Terry_Gou=Terry Gou
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wu_Minxia=Wu Minxia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Evan_Forde=Evan Forde
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matthew_Stewart,_4th_Earl_of_Lennox=Matthew Stewart, 4th Earl of Lennox
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arthur_Lintgen=Arthur Lintgen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacques_Bertillon=Jacques Bertillon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Juan_Vucetich=Juan Vucetich
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis_Bertillon=Louis Bertillon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alphonse_Bertillon=Alphonse Bertillon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kate_ter_Horst=Kate ter Horst
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sabine_Zlatin=Sabine Zlatin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Blundell=William Blundell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henri_Lemoine_(fraudster)=Henri Lemoine (fraudster)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giovanni_Francesco_Straparola=Giovanni Francesco Straparola
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ercole_Antonio_Mattioli=Ercole Antonio Mattioli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roux_de_Marsilly=Roux de Marsilly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anne_Bonny=Anne Bonny
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rachel_Riddell=Rachel Riddell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Whynter_Lamarre=Whynter Lamarre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marie_Luc_Arpin=Marie Luc Arpin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Susan_Gardiner=Susan Gardiner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cora_Campbell=Cora Campbell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ann_Dow=Ann Dow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jana_Salat=Jana Salat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christine_Robinson=Christine Robinson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierre_Lescot=Pierre Lescot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ibn_al-Nadim=Ibn al-Nadim
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gianella_Neyra=Gianella Neyra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frank_Leslie=Frank Leslie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jan_De_Vos=Jan De Vos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kobayashi_Issa=Kobayashi Issa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Enzo_Baldoni=Enzo Baldoni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barnaby_Potter=Barnaby Potter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Sterne_(bishop)=Richard Sterne (bishop)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mark_Cotterill=Mark Cotterill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alan_R._Hawley=Alan R. Hawley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Victor_Desguin=Victor Desguin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Gauden=John Gauden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kenny_Baker_(American_performer)=Kenny Baker (American performer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ernst_Christian_Wilhelm_Ackermann=Ernst Christian Wilhelm Ackermann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chuck_Curran=Chuck Curran
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georg_Christian_Benedict_Ackermann=Georg Christian Benedict Ackermann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lloyd_Bacon=Lloyd Bacon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aphrodite_(musician)=Aphrodite (musician)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Broncho_Billy_Anderson=Broncho Billy Anderson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Moisant=John Moisant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Templeton=Charles Templeton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arcon_2=Arcon 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edwin_S._Porter=Edwin S. Porter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louise_McCarren_Herring=Louise McCarren Herring
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emmi_(singer)=Emmi (singer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Kirke_Spoor=George Kirke Spoor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Scott_Skinner=James Scott Skinner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Amery=John Amery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Cromwell_(actor)=Richard Cromwell (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mark_Robinson_(Unionist_politician)=Mark Robinson (Unionist politician)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Brophy=Paul Brophy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jerome_Flynn=Jerome Flynn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robson_Green=Robson Green
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lon_Horiuchi=Lon Horiuchi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Erickson=Robert Erickson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carol_Plantamura=Carol Plantamura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dennis_Heeney=Dennis Heeney
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_von_Lengerke_Meyer=George von Lengerke Meyer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Trevor_(speaker)=John Trevor (speaker)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Trevor,_1st_Baron_Trevor=Thomas Trevor, 1st Baron Trevor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Hampden-Trevor,_1st_Viscount_Hampden=Robert Hampden-Trevor, 1st Viscount Hampden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gary_Ackerman=Gary Ackerman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Del_Close=Del Close
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mstislav_I_of_Kiev=Mstislav I of Kiev
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yaropolk_II_of_Kiev=Yaropolk II of Kiev
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vsevolod_II_of_Kiev=Vsevolod II of Kiev
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iziaslav_II_of_Kiev=Iziaslav II of Kiev
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edythe_Lewis=Edythe Lewis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aleen_Bailey=Aleen Bailey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grant_Aleksander=Grant Aleksander
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Armand-Pierre_Caussin_de_Perceval=Armand-Pierre Caussin de Perceval
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ben_Shepherd=Ben Shepherd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Weir_(politician)=Peter Weir (politician)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Claude_R._Wickard=Claude R. Wickard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sasha_Mitchell=Sasha Mitchell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gillian_McKeith=Gillian McKeith
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jesse_Birdsall=Jesse Birdsall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iziaslav_III_of_Kiev=Iziaslav III of Kiev
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rostislav_I_of_Kiev=Rostislav I of Kiev
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mstislav_II_of_Kiev=Mstislav II of Kiev
http://dbpedia.org/resource/J._Eddie_Peck=J. Eddie Peck
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sviatoslav_Olgovich=Sviatoslav Olgovich
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mike_Duke=Mike Duke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gaston_Millochau=Gaston Millochau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jerry_Knight=Jerry Knight
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gleb_of_Kiev=Gleb of Kiev
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dominique_Vandenberg=Dominique Vandenberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roman_I_of_Kiev=Roman I of Kiev
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yaroslav_II_of_Kiev=Yaroslav II of Kiev
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rachael_Stirling=Rachael Stirling
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Geoffrey_Sax=Geoffrey Sax
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keeley_Hawes=Keeley Hawes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vladimir_Parfenovich=Vladimir Parfenovich
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Lilley=Charles Lilley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joachim_Ringelnatz=Joachim Ringelnatz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bas_Jan_Ader=Bas Jan Ader
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sydney_Penny=Sydney Penny
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_H._Madole=James H. Madole
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kunihiko_Ikuhara=Kunihiko Ikuhara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nobutoshi_Canna=Nobutoshi Canna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chinami_Nishimura=Chinami Nishimura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hiroko_Konishi=Hiroko Konishi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rio_Natsuki=Rio Natsuki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kiyoyuki_Yanada=Kiyoyuki Yanada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zooey_Deschanel=Zooey Deschanel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sam_Chatmon=Sam Chatmon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kae_Araki=Kae Araki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wataru_Takagi=Wataru Takagi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marvin_Goldstein=Marvin Goldstein
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theano_(philosopher)=Theano (philosopher)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mary_Brunton=Mary Brunton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isaac_Hawkins_Browne_(poet)=Isaac Hawkins Browne (poet)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Browne_(poet)=William Browne (poet)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Bruce=James Bruce
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacob_Bryant=Jacob Bryant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eustace_Budgell=Eustace Budgell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francis_Trevelyan_Buckland=Francis Trevelyan Buckland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Burnet=Thomas Burnet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Bull=George Bull
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Hill_Burton=John Hill Burton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lady_Charlotte_Bury=Lady Charlotte Bury
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arthur_Vidrine=Arthur Vidrine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gale_Cincotta=Gale Cincotta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chester_Brown=Chester Brown
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bernhard_Studer=Bernhard Studer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Veerle_Casteleyn=Veerle Casteleyn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arnold_Escher_von_der_Linth=Arnold Escher von der Linth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yuan_Mei=Yuan Mei
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jules_Marcou=Jules Marcou
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Clifton_Sorby=Henry Clifton Sorby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jane_Tranter=Jane Tranter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bunny_Yeager=Bunny Yeager
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oswald_Heer=Oswald Heer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sir_Philip_Grey_Egerton,_10th_Baronet=Sir Philip Grey Egerton, 10th Baronet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Busk=George Busk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Cole,_3rd_Earl_of_Enniskillen=William Cole, 3rd Earl of Enniskillen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laurent-Guillaume_de_Koninck=Laurent-Guillaume de Koninck
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis_Charles_Breguet=Louis Charles Breguet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Franz_Ritter_von_Hauer=Franz Ritter von Hauer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friedrich_Robert_Helmert=Friedrich Robert Helmert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jakub_Zadzik=Jakub Zadzik
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Caird_(theologian)=John Caird (theologian)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_James_Byron=Henry James Byron
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Caird=Edward Caird
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Francis_Campbell=John Francis Campbell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matthew_Macfadyen=Matthew Macfadyen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Percy_B._Molesworth=Percy B. Molesworth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Firth=Peter Firth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Susan_Saint_James=Susan Saint James
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fernand_Auberjonois=Fernand Auberjonois
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Manning_(engineer)=Robert Manning (engineer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mircea_Albulescu=Mircea Albulescu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Fox_Parham=Charles Fox Parham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francesco_Mondada=Francesco Mondada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nyota_(bonobo)=Nyota (bonobo)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Searles_Valentine_Wood=Searles Valentine Wood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heinrich_Georg_Bronn=Heinrich Georg Bronn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Alfred_Cloyne_Godwin-Austen=Robert Alfred Cloyne Godwin-Austen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul-Albert_Besnard=Paul-Albert Besnard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chantal_Renaud=Chantal Renaud
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrew_Ramsay_(geologist)=Andrew Ramsay (geologist)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christian_Erich_Hermann_von_Meyer=Christian Erich Hermann von Meyer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karl_Alfred_von_Zittel=Karl Alfred von Zittel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hannie_Schaft=Hannie Schaft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_Albert_Gaudry=Jean Albert Gaudry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chen_Shou=Chen Shou
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Crawford_Williamson=William Crawford Williamson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Abel_Brimage_Spratt=Thomas Abel Brimage Spratt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Stewart,_1st_Earl_of_Atholl=John Stewart, 1st Earl of Atholl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caleb_Deschanel=Caleb Deschanel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cian_O'Connor=Cian O'Connor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Heinrich_von_Groth=Paul Heinrich von Groth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sonia_O'Sullivan=Sonia O'Sullivan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Juris_Podnieks=Juris Podnieks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_A._Mutch=Thomas A. Mutch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zhang_Han_(Qin_dynasty)=Zhang Han (Qin dynasty)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jed_Allan=Jed Allan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierre_de_Ruel,_marquis_de_Beurnonville=Pierre de Ruel, marquis de Beurnonville
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kong_Rong=Kong Rong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis,_comte_de_Narbonne-Lara=Louis, comte de Narbonne-Lara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mary_Ellen_Bamford=Mary Ellen Bamford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Gordon_Green=David Gordon Green
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maximin_Isnard=Maximin Isnard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_J._Schroeder=William J. Schroeder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack_Elton_Bresenham=Jack Elton Bresenham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Claude_Basire=Claude Basire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Fambrough=Charles Fambrough
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Connie_Sellecca=Connie Sellecca
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicolae_Malaxa=Nicolae Malaxa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nick_Owen=Nick Owen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mark_Lewis-Francis=Mark Lewis-Francis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lois_Hole=Lois Hole
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eriq_La_Salle=Eriq La Salle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pang_Tong=Pang Tong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eve_Arnold=Eve Arnold
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_O'Neill_(political_activist)=John O'Neill (political activist)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laura_Ingraham=Laura Ingraham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Velma_Barfield=Velma Barfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marlon_Devonish=Marlon Devonish
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Stanislaus_Joyce=John Stanislaus Joyce
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_H._V._Bulyea=George H. V. Bulyea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Bailey=Paul Bailey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leslie_Grantham=Leslie Grantham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Parnell=Thomas Parnell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Forrest_Compton=Forrest Compton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ted_Bessell=Ted Bessell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ronnie_Schell=Ronnie Schell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ijaz_Ahmed_(cricketer)=Ijaz Ahmed (cricketer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pietro_Loredan=Pietro Loredan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilfrid_Scawen_Blunt=Wilfrid Scawen Blunt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Timothy_Gibbs=Timothy Gibbs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ion_Vianu=Ion Vianu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeff_Sagarin=Jeff Sagarin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tudor_Vianu=Tudor Vianu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zeng_Gong=Zeng Gong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stuart_Dempster=Stuart Dempster
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dominique_Abrioux=Dominique Abrioux
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amrita_Rao=Amrita Rao
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abraham_Foxman=Abraham Foxman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dilip_Hiro=Dilip Hiro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ben_Fouhy=Ben Fouhy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Naughton=James Naughton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Les_Mills=Les Mills
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dea_Birkett=Dea Birkett
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Fell=Richard Fell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nick_Bakay=Nick Bakay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thurston_Clarke=Thurston Clarke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_McGaharn=Michael McGaharn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mr._Lawrence=Mr. Lawrence
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Merrie_Spaeth=Merrie Spaeth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alessandro_Valignano=Alessandro Valignano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Todd_Gitlin=Todd Gitlin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Feargus_Urquhart=Feargus Urquhart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walter_E._Mooney=Walter E. Mooney
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amy_Winehouse=Amy Winehouse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Lichfield=Richard Lichfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Radu_Beligan=Radu Beligan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steven_M._Newman=Steven M. Newman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mustapha_Hussein=Mustapha Hussein
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zahed_Gilani=Zahed Gilani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_Smart=Jean Smart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Hawley=William Hawley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Safi-ad-din_Ardabili=Safi-ad-din Ardabili
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maria_Menounos=Maria Menounos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Otis_Barton=Otis Barton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gigi_Rice=Gigi Rice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stefano_Baldini=Stefano Baldini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vanderlei_Cordeiro_de_Lima=Vanderlei Cordeiro de Lima
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Neil_Horan=Neil Horan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roger_Mercer=Roger Mercer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Esmie=Robert Esmie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glenroy_Gilbert=Glenroy Gilbert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Camil_Petrescu=Camil Petrescu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rita_Deverell=Rita Deverell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Braithwaite=Charles Braithwaite
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Hamilton,_3rd_Duke_of_Abercorn=James Hamilton, 3rd Duke of Abercorn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Frankland=Edward Frankland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vladimir_III_Mstislavich=Vladimir III Mstislavich
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Igor_II_of_Kiev=Igor II of Kiev
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tessa_Sanderson=Tessa Sanderson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mikhail_of_Vladimir=Mikhail of Vladimir
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joe_Fratesi=Joe Fratesi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clarina_I._H._Nichols=Clarina I. H. Nichols
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Viacheslav_I_of_Kiev=Viacheslav I of Kiev
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Leveson-Gower,_4th_Earl_Granville=William Leveson-Gower, 4th Earl Granville
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vsevolod_the_Big_Nest=Vsevolod the Big Nest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bud_Greenspan=Bud Greenspan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dwight_Morrow=Dwight Morrow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rurik_Rostislavich=Rurik Rostislavich
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sviatoslav_III_of_Kiev=Sviatoslav III of Kiev
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ingvar_of_Kiev=Ingvar of Kiev
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_Bruce,_6th_Lord_Balfour_of_Burleigh=Alexander Bruce, 6th Lord Balfour of Burleigh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Moore_(journalist)=Charles Moore (journalist)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kate_McGarrigle=Kate McGarrigle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anna_McGarrigle=Anna McGarrigle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Freeman_Wexler=Robert Freeman Wexler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philippe_Tatartcheff=Philippe Tatartcheff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buddy_Cole_(musician)=Buddy Cole (musician)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joan_Dingley=Joan Dingley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frank_Newhook=Frank Newhook
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doug_Dye=Doug Dye
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lady_Annabel_Goldsmith=Lady Annabel Goldsmith
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_Morris=Alexander Morris
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emilio_de'_Cavalieri=Emilio de' Cavalieri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Enda_McCallion=Enda McCallion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Julianne_Phillips=Julianne Phillips
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vincent_Ford=Vincent Ford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walter_Hood_Fitch=Walter Hood Fitch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ann_Putnam,_Jr.=Ann Putnam, Jr.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colonel_Tom_Parker=Colonel Tom Parker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dan_O'Connor_(actor)=Dan O'Connor (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Felice_Cavallotti=Felice Cavallotti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heinrich_Graetz=Heinrich Graetz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rebekka_Armstrong=Rebekka Armstrong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shawn_Ashmore=Shawn Ashmore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aaron_Ashmore=Aaron Ashmore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leah_Pinsent=Leah Pinsent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gordon_Pinsent=Gordon Pinsent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Callum_Keith_Rennie=Callum Keith Rennie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shirley_Douglas=Shirley Douglas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Art_Acord=Art Acord
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andre_Noble=Andre Noble
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patrick_Esposito_Di_Napoli=Patrick Esposito Di Napoli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Clay_Work=Henry Clay Work
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Irwin_Allen=Irwin Allen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ian_Campbell_Dunn=Ian Campbell Dunn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jan_Opletal=Jan Opletal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_McAleese=Peter McAleese
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrew_Downes_(composer)=Andrew Downes (composer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kenneth_Dover=Kenneth Dover
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hugh_Halkett=Hugh Halkett
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Abercrombie_(British_Army_colonel)=James Abercrombie (British Army colonel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saira_Shah=Saira Shah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ko_Yong-hui=Ko Yong-hui
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Humphry_Berkeley=Humphry Berkeley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mikal_Gilmore=Mikal Gilmore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Betty_Madigan=Betty Madigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierre_Louis_Napoleon_Cavagnari=Pierre Louis Napoleon Cavagnari
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thom_Hartmann=Thom Hartmann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Shawn=William Shawn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gardner_McKay=Gardner McKay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xerxes_de_Oliveira=Xerxes de Oliveira
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Moscow=David Moscow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Larkin_Malloy=Larkin Malloy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mohammed_bin_Awad_bin_Laden=Mohammed bin Awad bin Laden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chien-Chi_Chang=Chien-Chi Chang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Octave_Pirmez=Octave Pirmez
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sharif_Atkins=Sharif Atkins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Herbert_Marsh=Herbert Marsh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moritz_Balthasar_Borkhausen=Moritz Balthasar Borkhausen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alvise_Vivarini=Alvise Vivarini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vettor_Pisani=Vettor Pisani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jonathan_Z._Smith=Jonathan Z. Smith
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dick_Hubbard=Dick Hubbard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_J._Pedersen=Charles J. Pedersen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Conrad=Robert Conrad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierre_Brassard=Pierre Brassard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Florence_Chadwick=Florence Chadwick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mel_Giedroyc=Mel Giedroyc
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maatia_Toafa=Maatia Toafa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raul_Hilberg=Raul Hilberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Driscoll_(economist)=Michael Driscoll (economist)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Donald_McKay=Donald McKay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Hampden-Turner=Charles Hampden-Turner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean-Claude_Usunier=Jean-Claude Usunier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Konstantin_Aseev=Konstantin Aseev
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_M._Colmer=William M. Colmer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jerry_Sheindlin=Jerry Sheindlin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steve_Stockman=Steve Stockman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walter_Whipple=Walter Whipple
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Dearlove=Richard Dearlove
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kate_Orman=Kate Orman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christine_Fletcher=Christine Fletcher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Wilhelm_(sinologist)=Richard Wilhelm (sinologist)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Beccon=Thomas Beccon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Kaputin=John Kaputin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Felice_Anerio=Felice Anerio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adam_van_Koeverden=Adam van Koeverden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stephen_Giles=Stephen Giles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ruth_Graham=Ruth Graham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carrie_Lightbound=Carrie Lightbound
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kamini_Jain=Kamini Jain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hermes_da_Fonseca=Hermes da Fonseca
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jillian_D'Alessio=Jillian D'Alessio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Dalton_(canoeist)=Richard Dalton (canoeist)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Scarola=Michael Scarola
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Reinhardt=John Reinhardt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caleb_Bingham=Caleb Bingham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jessika_Dubuc=Jessika Dubuc
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Erin_Chan=Erin Chan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jessica_Chase=Jessica Chase
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shayna_Nackoney=Shayna Nackoney
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caroline_Brunet=Caroline Brunet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tamas_Buday,_Jr.=Tamas Buday, Jr.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elizabeth_Birch=Elizabeth Birch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ross_MacDonald=Ross MacDonald
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francesco_Soriano=Francesco Soriano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_W._S._Anderson=Paul W. S. Anderson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alberto_Rivera=Alberto Rivera
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Malatesta_da_Verucchio=Malatesta da Verucchio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guivi_Sissaouri=Guivi Sissaouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daniel_Igali=Daniel Igali
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nityananda=Nityananda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rolando_Masferrer=Rolando Masferrer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Naser_al-Din_Shah_Qajar=Naser al-Din Shah Qajar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daryl_Gates=Daryl Gates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_H._Cress=Paul H. Cress
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lee_Calhoun=Lee Calhoun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hayes_Jones=Hayes Jones
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Melinda_Culea=Melinda Culea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pascoal_Ranieri_Mazzilli=Pascoal Ranieri Mazzilli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Leavitt=Robert Leavitt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edmund_Germer=Edmund Germer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Russell_Johnson=Russell Johnson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oscar_Herrero=Oscar Herrero
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aureliano_Chaves=Aureliano Chaves
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taku_Yamasaki=Taku Yamasaki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Cash=Peter Cash
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Hoving=Thomas Hoving
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miles_O'Keeffe=Miles O'Keeffe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anthony_Herrera=Anthony Herrera
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Graham_Arader=Graham Arader
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bevan_Docherty=Bevan Docherty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Danny_Masterson=Danny Masterson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christopher_Masterson=Christopher Masterson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gianna_Angelopoulos-Daskalaki=Gianna Angelopoulos-Daskalaki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jennette_Bradley=Jennette Bradley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mike_Shoemaker=Mike Shoemaker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Myrl_Shoemaker=Myrl Shoemaker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lewis_H._Brown=Lewis H. Brown
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Talbot_(Upper_Canada)=Thomas Talbot (Upper Canada)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Suzanne_Kaaren=Suzanne Kaaren
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_D._Works=John D. Works
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_S._Hager=John S. Hager
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stephen_M._White=Stephen M. White
http://dbpedia.org/resource/J._Irwin_Miller=J. Irwin Miller
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_P._Haun=Henry P. Haun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eugene_Casserly=Eugene Casserly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frank_Putnam_Flint=Frank Putnam Flint
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Lane_(white_nationalist)=David Lane (white nationalist)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Henry_Ogilvie=William Henry Ogilvie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_N._Felton=Charles N. Felton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bernard_Maybeck=Bernard Maybeck
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angelica_Bridges=Angelica Bridges
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Brodie=William Brodie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dick_Contino=Dick Contino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joachim_Lelewel=Joachim Lelewel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antonio_Cifra=Antonio Cifra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Saxon_(educator)=John Saxon (educator)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hyrum_Smith=Hyrum Smith
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emily_Warren_Roebling=Emily Warren Roebling
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hugh_Ferriss=Hugh Ferriss
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colin_Beyer=Colin Beyer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antony_Green=Antony Green
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manny_Ramjohn=Manny Ramjohn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Sproull=Robert Sproull
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mazdak=Mazdak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stanley_Temple=Stanley Temple
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sydney_MacEwan=Sydney MacEwan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kanda_Nobuo=Kanda Nobuo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chen_Shih-hsin=Chen Shih-hsin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eddie_Aikau=Eddie Aikau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Irene_Ryan=Irene Ryan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mike_White_(filmmaker)=Mike White (filmmaker)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greg_Stafford=Greg Stafford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/J._M._S._Careless=J. M. S. Careless
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johan_Ernst_Gunnerus=Johan Ernst Gunnerus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ghulam_Nabi_Azad=Ghulam Nabi Azad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Val_Gielgud=Val Gielgud
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kenneth_Cope=Kenneth Cope
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anthony_Gilbert_(author)=Anthony Gilbert (author)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hans_Ackermann=Hans Ackermann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mark_McKoy=Mark McKoy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manuel_Schenkhuizen=Manuel Schenkhuizen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sandy_Duncan=Sandy Duncan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_J._Blythin=Edward J. Blythin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reimond_Tollenaere=Reimond Tollenaere
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ruby_Archer=Ruby Archer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mary_Hunter_Austin=Mary Hunter Austin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ely_Jacques_Kahn,_Jr.=Ely Jacques Kahn, Jr.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chandraswami=Chandraswami
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keith_Jackson=Keith Jackson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Lamm=Richard Lamm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roger_Livesey=Roger Livesey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johannes_Bugenhagen=Johannes Bugenhagen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Allan_Gregg=Allan Gregg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Kim=James Kim
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Franz_Xaver_Wolfgang_Mozart=Franz Xaver Wolfgang Mozart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Helen_Elliott_Bandini=Helen Elliott Bandini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Takis=Takis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Bradley_(politician)=Edward Bradley (politician)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karyn_Kupcinet=Karyn Kupcinet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dana_W._Bartlett=Dana W. Bartlett
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Green_(humorist)=Michael Green (humorist)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Green_(theologian)=Michael Green (theologian)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fred_Barnes_(journalist)=Fred Barnes (journalist)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Kiley=Richard Kiley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benkei=Benkei
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Dukes=David Dukes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lennox_Sharpe=Lennox Sharpe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Cox_Aikins=James Cox Aikins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eugene_Talmadge=Eugene Talmadge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Christian_Schultz=John Christian Schultz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patricia_Roberts_Harris=Patricia Roberts Harris
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carla_Anderson_Hills=Carla Anderson Hills
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shirley_Hufstedler=Shirley Hufstedler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Juanita_M._Kreps=Juanita M. Kreps
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ismail_Tiliwaldi=Ismail Tiliwaldi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manfred_Bukofzer=Manfred Bukofzer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mickey_Kantor=Mickey Kantor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Duane_Elgin=Duane Elgin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Piyassili=Piyassili
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bertha_Hirsch_Baruch=Bertha Hirsch Baruch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philip_Caputo=Philip Caputo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lavern_Ahlstrom=Lavern Ahlstrom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anacreon=Anacreon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Darrow=Henry Darrow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_Kennedy_(television_presenter)=Tom Kennedy (television presenter)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Melvin_E._Thompson=Melvin E. Thompson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilson_Greatbatch=Wilson Greatbatch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Erskine_Hawkins=Erskine Hawkins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ellis_Arnall=Ellis Arnall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michel_Louette=Michel Louette
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abdullah_Almalki=Abdullah Almalki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Praful_Patel=Praful Patel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ahmed_Khadr=Ahmed Khadr
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bo_Callaway=Bo Callaway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rob_Borbidge=Rob Borbidge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Randy_Weaver=Randy Weaver
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giacomo_Cavedone=Giacomo Cavedone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kunta_Kinte=Kunta Kinte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Humphrey_de_Bohun,_3rd_Earl_of_Hereford=Humphrey de Bohun, 3rd Earl of Hereford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Porter_(athlete)=William Porter (athlete)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Kandel=David Kandel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rodney_Croome=Rodney Croome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vladimir_Posner=Vladimir Posner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bernard_Wrigley=Bernard Wrigley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Russell_Noftsker=Russell Noftsker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georges_Valois=Georges Valois
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Masahiko_Nomi=Masahiko Nomi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arno_Peters=Arno Peters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sarah_Wright=Sarah Wright
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karan_Rastogi=Karan Rastogi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Delaney_(Florida_politician)=John Delaney (Florida politician)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Rainbowe=Edward Rainbowe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Smith_(bishop_of_Carlisle)=Thomas Smith (bishop of Carlisle)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laura_Spencer=Laura Spencer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Sallis=Peter Sallis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilhelm_Heinrich_Ackermann=Wilhelm Heinrich Ackermann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Said_Zahari=Said Zahari
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walter_Monckton,_1st_Viscount_Monckton_of_Brenchley=Walter Monckton, 1st Viscount Monckton of Brenchley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liz_Kershaw=Liz Kershaw
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bill_Purcell_(mayor)=Bill Purcell (mayor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mary_Beth_Peil=Mary Beth Peil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tammy_Homolka=Tammy Homolka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Art_Buchwald=Art Buchwald
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Briere=Michael Briere
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Al_Weaver=Al Weaver
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elsie_Jane_Wilson=Elsie Jane Wilson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gerald_Hagey=Gerald Hagey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Priscilla_de_Villiers=Priscilla de Villiers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eric_Margolis=Eric Margolis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matt_Hemingway=Matt Hemingway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rupert_Julian=Rupert Julian
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ron_Silver=Ron Silver
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Egil_Krogh=Egil Krogh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Doyle_(critic)=John Doyle (critic)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ali_Boulala=Ali Boulala
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nancy_Farmer_(politician)=Nancy Farmer (politician)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Colebrooke_Patterson=James Colebrooke Patterson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vihtori_Kosola=Vihtori Kosola
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francis_Godschall_Johnson=Francis Godschall Johnson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patricia_Mauceri=Patricia Mauceri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elin_Nordegren=Elin Nordegren
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michelle_Bass=Michelle Bass