http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bundaberg_Rum=Bundaberg Rum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coca-Cola=Coca-Cola
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stella_Artois=Stella Artois
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scotch_whisky=Scotch whisky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tea=Tea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cappuccino=Cappuccino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Newcastle_Brown_Ale=Newcastle Brown Ale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orange_juice=Orange juice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Red_Bull=Red Bull
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cognac=Cognac
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leffe=Leffe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chocolate_milk=Chocolate milk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ribena=Ribena
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Irish_whiskey=Irish whiskey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ginger_ale=Ginger ale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Galliano_(liqueur)=Galliano (liqueur)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coca_wine=Coca wine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orangina=Orangina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Latte=Latte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frappuccino=Frappuccino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maraschino=Maraschino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coca-Cola_Vanilla=Coca-Cola Vanilla
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Smithwick's=Smithwick's
http://dbpedia.org/resource/OpenCola_(drink)=OpenCola (drink)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baileys_Irish_Cream=Baileys Irish Cream
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barq's=Barq's
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ale-8-One=Ale-8-One
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strongbow_(cider)=Strongbow (cider)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Egg_cream=Egg cream
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Turkish_coffee=Turkish coffee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dasani=Dasani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Disaronno=Disaronno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hot_chocolate=Hot chocolate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Milkis=Milkis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grey_Goose_(vodka)=Grey Goose (vodka)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coffee=Coffee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ten_High=Ten High
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Dickel=George Dickel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lemon_&_Paeroa=Lemon & Paeroa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vimto=Vimto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maker's_Mark=Maker's Mark
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coors_Light=Coors Light
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rolling_Rock=Rolling Rock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thums_Up=Thums Up
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jim_Beam=Jim Beam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fresca=Fresca
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ancient_Age=Ancient Age
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Evan_Williams_(whiskey)=Evan Williams (whiskey)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ezra_Brooks=Ezra Brooks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Old_Crow=Old Crow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carling_Black_Label=Carling Black Label
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chopin_(vodka)=Chopin (vodka)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SunnyD=SunnyD
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rockstar_(drink)=Rockstar (drink)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Squirt_(soft_drink)=Squirt (soft drink)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Campari=Campari
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Famous_Grouse=The Famous Grouse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Virginia_Gentleman=Virginia Gentleman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frescolita=Frescolita
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brahma_beer=Brahma beer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tyskie=Tyskie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cel-Ray=Cel-Ray
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Boag's_Premium=James Boag's Premium
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Southern_Comfort=Southern Comfort
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Country_Time=Country Time
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Becherovka=Becherovka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cola_Turka=Cola Turka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Drambuie=Drambuie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Solo_(Australian_soft_drink)=Solo (Australian soft drink)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Penta_Water=Penta Water
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Molson_Canadian=Molson Canadian
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rivella=Rivella
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tropicana_Products=Tropicana Products
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yazoo_(drink)=Yazoo (drink)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coca-Cola_Zero=Coca-Cola Zero
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hpnotiq=Hpnotiq
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yop=Yop
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arrack=Arrack
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gordon's_Gin=Gordon's Gin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pakola=Pakola
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rip_It=Rip It
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fruitopia=Fruitopia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_T._Stagg=George T. Stagg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eagle_Rare=Eagle Rare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sprite_Zero=Sprite Zero
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vana_Tallinn=Vana Tallinn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kas=Kas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gold_Spot=Gold Spot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Future_Cola=Future Cola
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Free_Beer=Free Beer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Browary_Lubelskie=Browary Lubelskie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gueuze=Gueuze
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coca-Cola_Raspberry=Coca-Cola Raspberry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Enviga=Enviga
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ararat_(brandy)=Ararat (brandy)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amp_Energy=Amp Energy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lucky_Lager=Lucky Lager
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frijj=Frijj
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Underberg=Underberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tascalate=Tascalate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_Sport=All Sport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vat_69=Vat 69
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Booker's=Booker's
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Premium-Cola=Premium-Cola
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bicerin=Bicerin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kenco=Kenco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jose_Cuervo=Jose Cuervo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coca-Cola_Black_Cherry_Vanilla=Coca-Cola Black Cherry Vanilla
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pinolillo=Pinolillo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kia-Ora=Kia-Ora
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Knob_Creek_(bourbon)=Knob Creek (bourbon)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Basil_Hayden's=Basil Hayden's
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dr._Brown's=Dr. Brown's
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iron_Brew=Iron Brew
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coca-Cola_Citra=Coca-Cola Citra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Activia=Activia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rebel_Yell_(whiskey)=Rebel Yell (whiskey)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Plantiac=Plantiac
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guinness_Foreign_Extra_Stout=Guinness Foreign Extra Stout
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Japanese_whisky=Japanese whisky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Urge_(soft_drink)=Urge (soft drink)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kingfisher_(beer)=Kingfisher (beer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stones_Bitter=Stones Bitter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Killian's=Killian's
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heineken=Heineken
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Old_Style_Pilsner=Old Style Pilsner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cola_Cao=Cola Cao
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Krating_Daeng=Krating Daeng
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mate_(beverage)=Mate (beverage)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sisi_(drink)=Sisi (drink)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Semtex_(drink)=Semtex (drink)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Club_Cola=Club Cola
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shark_Energy=Shark Energy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Viru_Valge=Viru Valge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Early_Times=Early Times
http://dbpedia.org/resource/London_Pride_(beer)=London Pride (beer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/J2O=J2O
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cocaine_(drink)=Cocaine (drink)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coca-Cola_with_Lemon=Coca-Cola with Lemon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apple_Beer=Apple Beer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Turkish_tea=Turkish tea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_&_White_(whisky)=Black & White (whisky)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_Velvet_(whisky)=Black Velvet (whisky)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trumer_Pils=Trumer Pils
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hype_Energy=Hype Energy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Three_Horses_Beer=Three Horses Beer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crown_Lager=Crown Lager
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wiser's_whisky=Wiser's whisky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rev_(drink)=Rev (drink)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patio_(soda)=Patio (soda)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/100plus=100plus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kola_Shaler=Kola Shaler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heineken_Premium_Light=Heineken Premium Light
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boost_(health_food)=Boost (health food)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oasis_(drink)=Oasis (drink)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Four_Roses=Four Roses
http://dbpedia.org/resource/White_Mischief_(liquor)=White Mischief (liquor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fruti_Kola=Fruti Kola
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indian_whisky=Indian whisky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Casera=La Casera
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Irish_Mist=Irish Mist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barbasol=Barbasol
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Old_Grand-Dad=Old Grand-Dad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heineken_Oud_Bruin=Heineken Oud Bruin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heineken_Tarwebok=Heineken Tarwebok
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beaver_Buzz=Beaver Buzz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brisa_drink=Brisa drink
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vinea_(soft_drink)=Vinea (soft drink)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pappy_Van_Winkle's_Family_Reserve=Pappy Van Winkle's Family Reserve
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jermuk_(water)=Jermuk (water)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Everclear_(alcohol)=Everclear (alcohol)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/W._L._Weller=W. L. Weller
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1792_Ridgemont_Reserve=1792 Ridgemont Reserve
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Old_Fitzgerald=Old Fitzgerald
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Suso_(drink)=Suso (drink)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Honest_Tea=Honest Tea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Galway_Hooker_(beer)=Galway Hooker (beer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crunk_Energy_Drink=Crunk Energy Drink
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Skol=Skol
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carabao_Dang=Carabao Dang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Murphy's_Irish_Stout=Murphy's Irish Stout
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tusker_(beer)=Tusker (beer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Club-Mate=Club-Mate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Burn_(energy_drink)=Burn (energy drink)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/J.T.S._Brown=J.T.S. Brown
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clontarf_(whiskey)=Clontarf (whiskey)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pulque=Pulque
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guinness=Guinness
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Accra_Brewery_Company=Accra Brewery Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don_Julio=Don Julio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wurzelpeter=Wurzelpeter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quebec_cider=Quebec cider
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cola_Lacaye=Cola Lacaye
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Haig_(whisky)=Haig (whisky)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crystal_Head_Vodka=Crystal Head Vodka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/5-hour_Energy=5-hour Energy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tiger_Energy_Drink=Tiger Energy Drink
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rasna=Rasna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stolichnaya=Stolichnaya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Estrella_Galicia=Estrella Galicia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Real_Sangria=Real Sangria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mana_Energy_Potions=Mana Energy Potions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kirin_Free=Kirin Free
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Slow_Cow=Slow Cow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/M-150_(energy_drink)=M-150 (energy drink)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Asahi_Point_Zero=Asahi Point Zero
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pendleton_Whisky=Pendleton Whisky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vio_(drink)=Vio (drink)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Croix_Sparkling_Water=La Croix Sparkling Water
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Piraat=Piraat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Donat_Mg=Donat Mg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_Star_Beer=Black Star Beer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Realpower_(energy_drink)=Realpower (energy drink)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guinness_Black_Lager=Guinness Black Lager
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cacique_Guaro=Cacique Guaro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colorado_Native_Lager=Colorado Native Lager
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tum-E_Yummies=Tum-E Yummies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Choc-Ola=Choc-Ola
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Old_Charter=Old Charter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mocochinchi=Mocochinchi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yellowstone_Bourbon=Yellowstone Bourbon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blanton's=Blanton's
http://dbpedia.org/resource/McAfee's_Benchmark=McAfee's Benchmark
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Warka_Brewery=Warka Brewery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1800_Tequila=1800 Tequila
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mate_cocido=Mate cocido
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lunazul=Lunazul
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elijah_Craig_(bourbon)=Elijah Craig (bourbon)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fighting_Cock_bourbon=Fighting Cock bourbon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bong_Spirit_Vodka=Bong Spirit Vodka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Old_Ezra_101=Old Ezra 101
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sprite_(soft_drink)=Sprite (soft drink)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lech_Brewery_Wielkopolski=Lech Brewery Wielkopolski
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cocchi_Americano=Cocchi Americano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Belaya_Rus_vodka=Belaya Rus vodka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fireball_Cinnamon_Whisky=Fireball Cinnamon Whisky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Erhard_(beer)=St. Erhard (beer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fuller's_ESB=Fuller's ESB
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Duke_and_Sons=Duke and Sons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Street_King_(drink)=Street King (drink)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pepsi_Next=Pepsi Next
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pinnacle_vodka=Pinnacle vodka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meyenberg_Goat_Milk=Meyenberg Goat Milk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Onyx_Moonshine=Onyx Moonshine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anker_Beer=Anker Beer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sweet_Revenge_(liqueur)=Sweet Revenge (liqueur)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cervezas_Alhambra=Cervezas Alhambra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rhythm_(liqueur)=Rhythm (liqueur)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clique_(vodka)=Clique (vodka)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boyd_&_Blair=Boyd & Blair
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moretta_(coffee)=Moretta (coffee)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Macieira_Brandy=Macieira Brandy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sinfire=Sinfire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yazi_Ginger_Vodka=Yazi Ginger Vodka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beep_(soft_drink)=Beep (soft drink)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dutch_brandy=Dutch brandy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Broker's_Gin=Broker's Gin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Town_Branch=Town Branch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mercy_(drink)=Mercy (drink)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fucking_Hell=Fucking Hell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fortuna_(company)=Fortuna (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pussy_(energy_drink)=Pussy (energy drink)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Royal_Stag=Royal Stag
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blenders_Pride=Blenders Pride
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antiquity_(whisky)=Antiquity (whisky)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Signature_(whisky)=Signature (whisky)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Royal_Challenge=Royal Challenge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amrut_(whisky)=Amrut (whisky)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sairme_(water)=Sairme (water)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Milo_Dinosaur=Milo Dinosaur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coca-Cola_Life=Coca-Cola Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_John_(whisky)=Paul John (whisky)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frozen_coffee_beverage=Frozen coffee beverage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frozen_alcoholic_beverage=Frozen alcoholic beverage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_Dog_Scotch_Whisky=Black Dog Scotch Whisky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Imperial_Blue_(whisky)=Imperial Blue (whisky)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Director's_Special_(whisky)=Director's Special (whisky)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Domaine_Pinnacle_Ice_Cider=Domaine Pinnacle Ice Cider
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rowson's_Reserve=Rowson's Reserve
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Scot=Peter Scot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/After_Dark_(whisky)=After Dark (whisky)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Red_Knight_(whisky)=Red Knight (whisky)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Four_Seasons_Wines=Four Seasons Wines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blue_(soft_drink)=Blue (soft drink)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crabbie's=Crabbie's
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Avion_tequila=Avion tequila
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1519_Tequila=1519 Tequila
http://dbpedia.org/resource/4_Copas=4 Copas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arette_(tequila)=Arette (tequila)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Campeon=Campeon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wrexham_Lager_Beer=Wrexham Lager Beer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/VKA_Vodka=VKA Vodka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cola_Couronne=Cola Couronne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anestasia_Vodka=Anestasia Vodka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maestro_Dobel_Tequila=Maestro Dobel Tequila
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Australian_whisky=Australian whisky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Worthington's_White_Shield=Worthington's White Shield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zundert_(beer)=Zundert (beer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Celtic_Honey=Celtic Honey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gozio_Amaretto=Gozio Amaretto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cochlear_Bone_Anchored_Solutions_AB=Cochlear Bone Anchored Solutions AB
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Es_kelapa_muda=Es kelapa muda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boddingtons_Bitter=Boddingtons Bitter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/3_A.M._Vodka=3 A.M. Vodka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Three_Coins_Beer=Three Coins Beer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bloemenbier=Bloemenbier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Organic_Honey_Dew=Organic Honey Dew
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chiswick_Bitter=Chiswick Bitter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pepsi_True=Pepsi True
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amaro_Lucano=Amaro Lucano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chaparritas_El_Naranjo=Chaparritas El Naranjo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Top_Totty=Top Totty
