http://dbpedia.org/resource/Golden_Gate_Bridge=Golden Gate Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mackinac_Bridge=Mackinac Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ponte_Vecchio=Ponte Vecchio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sydney_Harbour_Bridge=Sydney Harbour Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leonard_P._Zakim_Bunker_Hill_Memorial_Bridge=Leonard P. Zakim Bunker Hill Memorial Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Great_Belt_Fixed_Link=Great Belt Fixed Link
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blackfriars_Bridge=Blackfriars Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tower_Bridge=Tower Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bitzer's_Mill_Covered_Bridge=Bitzer's Mill Covered Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bucher's_Mill_Covered_Bridge=Bucher's Mill Covered Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colemanville_Covered_Bridge=Colemanville Covered Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Herr's_Mill_Covered_Bridge=Herr's Mill Covered Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Forry's_Mill_Covered_Bridge=Forry's Mill Covered Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kauffman's_Distillery_Covered_Bridge=Kauffman's Distillery Covered Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keller's_Mill_Covered_Bridge=Keller's Mill Covered Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jackson's_Sawmill_Covered_Bridge=Jackson's Sawmill Covered Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kurtz's_Mill_Covered_Bridge=Kurtz's Mill Covered Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hunsecker's_Mill_Covered_Bridge=Hunsecker's Mill Covered Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Schenck's_Mill_Covered_Bridge=Schenck's Mill Covered Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lime_Valley_Covered_Bridge=Lime Valley Covered Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mercer's_Mill_Covered_Bridge=Mercer's Mill Covered Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leaman's_Place_Covered_Bridge=Leaman's Place Covered Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Neff's_Mill_Covered_Bridge=Neff's Mill Covered Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Siegrist's_Mill_Covered_Bridge=Siegrist's Mill Covered Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pinetown_Bushong's_Mill_Covered_Bridge=Pinetown Bushong's Mill Covered Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zook's_Mill_Covered_Bridge=Zook's Mill Covered Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/White_Rock_Forge_Covered_Bridge=White Rock Forge Covered Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pine_Grove_Covered_Bridge=Pine Grove Covered Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Weaver's_Mill_Covered_Bridge=Weaver's Mill Covered Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Willow_Hill_Covered_Bridge=Willow Hill Covered Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shearer's_Covered_Bridge=Shearer's Covered Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pool_Forge_Covered_Bridge=Pool Forge Covered Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Red_Run_Covered_Bridge=Red Run Covered Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tsing_Ma_Bridge=Tsing Ma Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clifton_Suspension_Bridge=Clifton Suspension Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/London_Bridge=London Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harvard_Bridge=Harvard Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Forth_Road_Bridge=Forth Road Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tamar_Bridge=Tamar Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Humber_Bridge=Humber Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Queensboro_Bridge=Queensboro Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Story_Bridge=Story Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goodwill_Bridge=Goodwill Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Jolly_Bridge=William Jolly Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Victoria_Bridge,_Brisbane=Victoria Bridge, Brisbane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albert_Bridge,_Brisbane=Albert Bridge, Brisbane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walter_Taylor_Bridge=Walter Taylor Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Merivale_Bridge=Merivale Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Washington_Bridge=George Washington Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack_Pesch_Bridge=Jack Pesch Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pont_du_Gard=Pont du Gard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Confederation_Bridge=Confederation Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ambassador_Bridge=Ambassador Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Throgs_Neck_Bridge=Throgs Neck Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_River_Gorge_Bridge=New River Gorge Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Second_Severn_Crossing=Second Severn Crossing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Darlington's_Bridge_at_Delaware_Station=Darlington's Bridge at Delaware Station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goethals_Bridge=Goethals Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Triborough_Bridge=Triborough Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tacoma_Narrows_Bridge_(1940)=Tacoma Narrows Bridge (1940)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tinsley_Viaduct=Tinsley Viaduct
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pont_Neuf=Pont Neuf
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hell_Gate_Bridge=Hell Gate Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vauxhall_Bridge=Vauxhall Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hammersmith_Bridge=Hammersmith Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Battersea_Bridge=Battersea Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Southwark_Bridge=Southwark Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Waterloo_Bridge=Waterloo Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Westminster_Bridge=Westminster Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prince_Edward_Viaduct=Prince Edward Viaduct
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hungerford_Bridge_and_Golden_Jubilee_Bridges=Hungerford Bridge and Golden Jubilee Bridges
http://dbpedia.org/resource/East-Link_(Dublin)=East-Link (Dublin)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ha'penny_Bridge=Ha'penny Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manhattan_Bridge=Manhattan Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pulaski_Skyway=Pulaski Skyway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Susitna_River=Susitna River
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bayonne_Bridge=Bayonne Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dames_Point_Bridge=Dames Point Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gerrard_Street_(Toronto)=Gerrard Street (Toronto)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blue_Water_Bridge=Blue Water Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/14th_Street_Bridge_(Potomac_River)=14th Street Bridge (Potomac River)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Driscoll_Bridge=Driscoll Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierre_Laporte_Bridge=Pierre Laporte Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Bridge=Charles Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacques_Cartier_Bridge=Jacques Cartier Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Champlain_Bridge,_Montreal=Champlain Bridge, Montreal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Little_Belt_Bridge=Little Belt Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chelsea_Bridge=Chelsea Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Evergreen_Point_Floating_Bridge=Evergreen Point Floating Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sunshine_Skyway_Bridge=Sunshine Skyway Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blue_Wonder=Blue Wonder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stan_Musial_Veterans_Memorial_Bridge=Stan Musial Veterans Memorial Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Auckland_Harbour_Bridge=Auckland Harbour Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Menai_Suspension_Bridge=Menai Suspension Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Millau_Viaduct=Millau Viaduct
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rainbow_Bridge_(Tokyo)=Rainbow Bridge (Tokyo)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_Gate_Bridge=West Gate Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sundial_Bridge_at_Turtle_Bay=Sundial Bridge at Turtle Bay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Betsy_Ross_Bridge=Betsy Ross Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Commodore_Barry_Bridge=Commodore Barry Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Longfellow_Bridge=Longfellow Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buckman_Bridge=Buckman Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Galata_Bridge=Galata Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Portage_Lake_Lift_Bridge=Portage Lake Lift Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Queensborough_Bridge=Queensborough Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tappan_Zee_Bridge=Tappan Zee Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Salmon_Bay_Bridge=Salmon Bay Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_Bridge_(Seattle)=University Bridge (Seattle)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Woodrow_Wilson_Bridge=Woodrow Wilson Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alaskan_Way_Viaduct=Alaskan Way Viaduct
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Garabit_viaduct=Garabit viaduct
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vasco_da_Gama_Bridge=Vasco da Gama Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Britannia_Bridge=Britannia Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lake_Pontchartrain_Causeway=Lake Pontchartrain Causeway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Severan_Bridge=Severan Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clun_Bridge=Clun Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abernethy_Bridge=Abernethy Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oregon_City_Bridge=Oregon City Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seven_Mile_Bridge=Seven Mile Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trinity_Bridge,_Crowland=Trinity Bridge, Crowland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chesapeake_Bay_Bridge=Chesapeake Bay Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hangzhou_Bay_Bridge=Hangzhou Bay Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chain_Bridge_(Budapest)=Chain Bridge (Budapest)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Acosta_Bridge=Acosta Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johnson_Street_Bridge=Johnson Street Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Severn_Railway_Bridge=Severn Railway Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ouse_Bridge=Ouse Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/West-Link=West-Link
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tobin_Bridge=Tobin Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albert_Bridge,_London=Albert Bridge, London
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fuller_Warren_Bridge=Fuller Warren Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bridge_of_the_Gods_(modern_structure)=Bridge of the Gods (modern structure)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hornibrook_Bridge=Hornibrook Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Houghton_Highway=Houghton Highway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Main_Street_Bridge_(Jacksonville)=Main Street Bridge (Jacksonville)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hart_Bridge=Hart Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pont_des_Arts=Pont des Arts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pelham_Bridge=Pelham Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Royal_Gorge_Bridge=Royal Gorge Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jackknife_Bascule_Bridge=Jackknife Bascule Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kocher_Viaduct=Kocher Viaduct
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Koersch_Viaduct=Koersch Viaduct
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hennepin_Avenue_Bridge=Hennepin Avenue Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_E._Lee_Memorial_Bridge=Robert E. Lee Memorial Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boyne_Viaduct=Boyne Viaduct
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francis_Scott_Key_Bridge_(Baltimore)=Francis Scott Key Bridge (Baltimore)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Overseas_Highway=Overseas Highway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Puente_de_la_Mujer=Puente de la Mujer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Street_Bridge,_Newport=George Street Bridge, Newport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/25_de_Abril_Bridge=25 de Abril Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benjamin_Harrison_Memorial_Bridge=Benjamin Harrison Memorial Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karni_crossing=Karni crossing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Puente_del_Alamillo=Puente del Alamillo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dongting_Lake_Bridge=Dongting Lake Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monnow_Bridge=Monnow Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Talbot_Memorial_Bridge=Talbot Memorial Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glenfinnan_Viaduct=Glenfinnan Viaduct
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carquinez_Bridge=Carquinez Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antioch_Bridge=Antioch Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vincent_Thomas_Bridge=Vincent Thomas Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dalles_Bridge=The Dalles Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Berkley_Bridge_(Virginia)=Berkley Bridge (Virginia)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wicker_Arches=Wicker Arches
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pont_de_Normandie=Pont de Normandie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chain_of_Rocks_Bridge=Chain of Rocks Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Triple_Bridge=Triple Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Collins_Bridge=Collins Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tees_Barrage=Tees Barrage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blue_Bridge_(Oregon)=Blue Bridge (Oregon)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Venetian_Causeway=Venetian Causeway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grand_River_Bridge_(Ontario)=Grand River Bridge (Ontario)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pyrmont_Bridge=Pyrmont Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kap_Shui_Mun_Bridge=Kap Shui Mun Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Howrah_Bridge=Howrah Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vivekananda_Setu=Vivekananda Setu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/San_Juanico_Bridge=San Juanico Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hampton_Bridge=Hampton Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Livingston_Avenue_Bridge=Livingston Avenue Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yolo_Causeway=Yolo Causeway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pamban_Bridge=Pamban Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ludendorff_Bridge=Ludendorff Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Calhoun_Street_Bridge=Calhoun Street Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ireland_Bridge=Ireland Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tancarville_Bridge=Tancarville Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arthur_Ravenel_Jr._Bridge=Arthur Ravenel Jr. Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chain_Bridge_(Potomac_River)=Chain Bridge (Potomac River)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Porthill_Bridge=Porthill Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Whitney_Young_Memorial_Bridge=Whitney Young Memorial Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Legion_Memorial_Bridge_(Potomac_River)=American Legion Memorial Bridge (Potomac River)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nanjing_Yangtze_River_Bridge=Nanjing Yangtze River Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Philip_Sousa_Bridge=John Philip Sousa Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swing_Bridge,_River_Tyne=Swing Bridge, River Tyne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ladykirk_and_Norham_Bridge=Ladykirk and Norham Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Berwick_Bridge=Berwick Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coldstream_Bridge=Coldstream Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dryburgh_Suspension_Bridge=Dryburgh Suspension Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Royal_Border_Bridge=Royal Border Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Royal_Tweed_Bridge=Royal Tweed Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glebe_Island_Bridge=Glebe Island Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elisabeth_Bridge_(Budapest)=Elisabeth Bridge (Budapest)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Margaret_Bridge=Margaret Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grattan_Bridge=Grattan Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Niagara_Cantilever_Bridge=Niagara Cantilever Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/O'Connell_Bridge=O'Connell Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Millennium_Bridge_(Dublin)=Millennium Bridge (Dublin)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/O'Donovan_Rossa_Bridge=O'Donovan Rossa Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Davenport_Skybridge=Davenport Skybridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patroon_Island_Bridge=Patroon Island Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stari_Most=Stari Most
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ponte_delle_Guglie=Ponte delle Guglie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barmouth_Bridge=Barmouth Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Joyce_Bridge=James Joyce Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Loopline_Bridge=Loopline Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frank_Sherwin_Bridge=Frank Sherwin Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Butt_Bridge=Butt Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mellows_Bridge=Mellows Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Father_Mathew_Bridge=Father Mathew Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Skybridge_(TransLink)=Skybridge (TransLink)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ryde_Bridge=Ryde Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jamestown_Verrazzano_Bridge=Jamestown Verrazzano Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jamestown_Bridge=Jamestown Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Burrard_Bridge=Burrard Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henderson_Bridge_(Rhode_Island)=Henderson Bridge (Rhode Island)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benjamin_Sheares_Bridge=Benjamin Sheares Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Westham_Island_Bridge=Westham Island Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Capilano_Suspension_Bridge=Capilano Suspension Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Granville_Street_Bridge=Granville Street Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Warrington_Transporter_Bridge=Warrington Transporter Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Widnes-Runcorn_Transporter_Bridge=Widnes-Runcorn Transporter Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roosevelt_Bridge_(Florida)=Roosevelt Bridge (Florida)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Perrine's_Bridge=Perrine's Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frederick_Douglass_Memorial_Bridge=Frederick Douglass Memorial Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Plougastel_Bridge=Plougastel Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cambie_Bridge=Cambie Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Butt_Memorial_Bridge=Butt Memorial Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oak_Street_Bridge=Oak Street Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prince_of_Wales_Bridge=Prince of Wales Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ponte_Milvio=Ponte Milvio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fair_Oaks_Bridge=Fair Oaks Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_P._Grace_Memorial_Bridge=John P. Grace Memorial Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silas_N._Pearman_Bridge=Silas N. Pearman Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jefferson_Barracks_Bridge=Jefferson Barracks Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Normand_Edward_Fontaine_Bridge=Normand Edward Fontaine Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Calvin_Coolidge_Bridge=Calvin Coolidge Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crescent_City_Connection=Crescent City Connection
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Al-Aaimmah_bridge=Al-Aaimmah bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roberto_Clemente_Bridge=Roberto Clemente Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hood_River_Bridge=Hood River Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sortland_Bridge=Sortland Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hadsel_Bridge=Hadsel Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tjeldsund_Bridge=Tjeldsund Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kvalsaukan_Bridge=Kvalsaukan Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sundklakkstraumen_Bridge=Sundklakkstraumen Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Drammen_Bridge=Drammen Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nordhordland_Bridge=Nordhordland Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sannesund_Bridge=Sannesund Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gjemnessund_Bridge=Gjemnessund Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Queen_Street_Viaduct=Queen Street Viaduct
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Old_Eastern_Avenue_Bridge=Old Eastern Avenue Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lake_Shore_Boulevard_Bailey_Bridge=Lake Shore Boulevard Bailey Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sandnessund_Bridge=Sandnessund Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glover_Cary_Bridge=Glover Cary Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stord_Bridge=Stord Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Helgeland_Bridge=Helgeland Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rombak_Bridge=Rombak Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Skjomen_Bridge=Skjomen Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beisfjord_Bridge=Beisfjord Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cropredy_Bridge=Cropredy Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trengsel_Bridge=Trengsel Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sami_Bridge=Sami Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ramsund_Bridge=Ramsund Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fredvang_Bridges=Fredvang Bridges
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saltstraumen_Bridge=Saltstraumen Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lokkaren_Bridge=Lokkaren Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strelasund_Crossing=Strelasund Crossing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hoholmen_Bridge=Hoholmen Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brattsund_Bridge=Brattsund Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indre_Sunnan_Bridge=Indre Sunnan Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Smines_Bridge=Smines Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sneppen_Bridge=Sneppen Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aursund_Bridge=Aursund Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mjosund_Bridge=Mjosund Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nordsund_Bridge_(Kristiansund)=Nordsund Bridge (Kristiansund)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Storseisundet_Bridge=Storseisundet Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dromnessund_Bridge=Dromnessund Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Midsund_Bridge=Midsund Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Skodje_Bridge=Skodje Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giske_Bridge=Giske Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ullasund_Bridge=Ullasund Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Runde_Bridge=Runde Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sykkylven_Bridge=Sykkylven Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norddalsfjord_Bridge=Norddalsfjord Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_Seattle_Bridge=West Seattle Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_Hamilton_Bridge=Alexander Hamilton Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Washington_Bridge=Washington Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Iron_Bridge=The Iron Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ponte_Sant'Angelo=Ponte Sant'Angelo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pont_Alexandre_III=Pont Alexandre III
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Archie_Stevenot_Bridge=Archie Stevenot Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daniel_Carter_Beard_Bridge=Daniel Carter Beard Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gandy_Bridge=Gandy Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Four_Bears_Bridge=Four Bears Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lapstone_Zig_Zag=Lapstone Zig Zag
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rocky_Creek_Bridge_(California)=Rocky Creek Bridge (California)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wandsworth_Bridge=Wandsworth Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hammersmith_flyover=Hammersmith flyover
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lady_Bay_Bridge=Lady Bay Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alvord_Lake_Bridge=Alvord Lake Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Suramadu_Bridge=Suramadu Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seal_Island_Bridge=Seal Island Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Card_Sound_Bridge=Card Sound Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lewisville_Lake_Toll_Bridge=Lewisville Lake Toll Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Percy_Burn_Viaduct=Percy Burn Viaduct
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keystone_Wye=Keystone Wye
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fehmarn_Belt_Fixed_Link=Fehmarn Belt Fixed Link
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bridge_to_Nowhere_(New_Zealand)=Bridge to Nowhere (New Zealand)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fort_Duquesne_Bridge=Fort Duquesne Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gravina_Island_Bridge=Gravina Island Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/11th_Street_Bridges=11th Street Bridges
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fred_Hartman_Bridge=Fred Hartman Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yokohama_Bay_Bridge=Yokohama Bay Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_A._Stickel_Memorial_Bridge=William A. Stickel Memorial Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Treasure_Island_Causeway=Treasure Island Causeway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elgin_Bridge_(Singapore)=Elgin Bridge (Singapore)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Poughkeepsie_Bridge=Poughkeepsie Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Surgut_Bridge=Surgut Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anderson_Bridge=Anderson Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bulkeley_Bridge=Bulkeley Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edison_Bridge_(New_Jersey)=Edison Bridge (New Jersey)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MacArthur_Causeway=MacArthur Causeway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deception_Pass_Bridge=Deception Pass Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Great_River_Bridge=Great River Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Putra_Bridge=Putra Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kingsgate_Bridge=Kingsgate Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/East_Channel_Bridge=East Channel Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Duke_Ellington_Bridge=Duke Ellington Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Nesmith_Bridge=George Nesmith Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jordan_Bridge=Jordan Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gilmerton_Bridge=Gilmerton Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elvet_Bridge=Elvet Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Homestead_Grays_Bridge=Homestead Grays Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chelfham_Viaduct=Chelfham Viaduct
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lalon_Shah_Bridge=Lalon Shah Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Huey_P._Long_Bridge_(Baton_Rouge)=Huey P. Long Bridge (Baton Rouge)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greenville_Bridge=Greenville Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alkaff_Bridge=Alkaff Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Delal=Delal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bridge_of_Arta=Bridge of Arta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Katima_Mulilo_Bridge=Katima Mulilo Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Burdekin_Bridge=Burdekin Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bosphorus_Bridge=Bosphorus Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maidenhead_Bridge=Maidenhead Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bridge_10,_Erie_Canal=Bridge 10, Erie Canal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parit_Sulong_Bridge=Parit Sulong Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Muar_Second_Bridge=Muar Second Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raja_Pemaisuri_Bainun_Bridge=Raja Pemaisuri Bainun Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carrick-a-Rede_Rope_Bridge=Carrick-a-Rede Rope Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Landwasser_Viaduct=Landwasser Viaduct
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bridge_8,_Erie_Canal=Bridge 8, Erie Canal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/U.S._Grant_Bridge=U.S. Grant Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moray_Bridge=Moray Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sea_Island_Connector=Sea Island Connector
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Itchen_Bridge=Itchen Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sultan_Mahmud_Bridge=Sultan Mahmud Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buloh_Kasap_Bridge=Buloh Kasap Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kuala_Krai_Bridge=Kuala Krai Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Permas_Jaya_Bridge=Permas Jaya Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gold_Star_Memorial_Bridge=Gold Star Memorial Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Esplanade_Riel=Esplanade Riel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lesner_Bridge=Lesner Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dinsmore_Bridge=Dinsmore Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eleanor_Schonell_Bridge=Eleanor Schonell Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lucan_Bridge=Lucan Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Islandbridge=Islandbridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Farmleigh_Bridge=Farmleigh Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anna_Livia_Bridge=Anna Livia Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liffey_Bridge_(Phoenix_Park_Tunnel)=Liffey Bridge (Phoenix Park Tunnel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liberty_Bridge_(Pittsburgh)=Liberty Bridge (Pittsburgh)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Veterans_Bridge_(Pittsburgh)=Veterans Bridge (Pittsburgh)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seri_Wawasan_Bridge=Seri Wawasan Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seri_Saujana_Bridge=Seri Saujana Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/International_Railway_Bridge=International Railway Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_Trenton_Railroad_Bridge=West Trenton Railroad Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ponte_Conde_de_Linhares=Ponte Conde de Linhares
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seri_Perdana_Bridge=Seri Perdana Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grenland_Bridge=Grenland Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norbert_F._Beckey_Bridge=Norbert F. Beckey Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elgeseter_Bridge=Elgeseter Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seri_Gemilang_Bridge=Seri Gemilang Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seri_Bakti_Bridge=Seri Bakti Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seri_Setia_Bridge=Seri Setia Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seri_Bestari_Bridge=Seri Bestari Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Captain_William_J._Hudson_%22Steamboat_Bill%22_Memorial_Bridges=Captain William J. Hudson "Steamboat Bill" Memorial Bridges
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Esplanade_Bridge=Esplanade Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martin_Luther_King_Bridge_(Port_Arthur,_Texas)=Martin Luther King Bridge (Port Arthur, Texas)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michigan_Avenue_Bridge=Michigan Avenue Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Okanagan_Lake_Bridge=Okanagan Lake Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Varodd_Bridge=Varodd Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Interstate_78_Toll_Bridge=Interstate 78 Toll Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cedar_Avenue_Bridge_(Minnesota_River)=Cedar Avenue Bridge (Minnesota River)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amu_Darya_Pipeline_Bridge=Amu Darya Pipeline Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_H._Harsha_Bridge=William H. Harsha Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/High_Bridge_of_Kentucky=High Bridge of Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Big_Four_Bridge=Big Four Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dominion_Boulevard_Steel_Bridge=Dominion Boulevard Steel Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Panhandle_Bridge=Panhandle Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/South_Tenth_Street_Bridge=South Tenth Street Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glenwood_Bridge=Glenwood Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fort_Wayne_Railroad_Bridge=Fort Wayne Railroad Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carrie_Furnace_Hot_Metal_Bridge=Carrie Furnace Hot Metal Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Linn_Cove_Viaduct=Linn Cove Viaduct
http://dbpedia.org/resource/C&O_Railroad_Bridge=C&O Railroad Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/No._2_Road_Bridge=No. 2 Road Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pont_de_la_Concorde_(Montreal)=Pont de la Concorde (Montreal)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Washington_Bridge_(Providence,_Rhode_Island)=Washington Bridge (Providence, Rhode Island)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_End_Bridge_(Pittsburgh)=West End Bridge (Pittsburgh)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Derwent_Way_Bridge=Derwent Way Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bollman_Truss_Railroad_Bridge=Bollman Truss Railroad Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Asparuhov_most=Asparuhov most
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carrollton_Viaduct=Carrollton Viaduct
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Viaduct=Thomas Viaduct
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pulau_Bunting_Bridge=Pulau Bunting Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xiling_Yangtze_River_Bridge=Xiling Yangtze River Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dazi_Bridge=Dazi Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hirado_Bridge=Hirado Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Egongyan_Bridge=Egongyan Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Donghai_Bridge=Donghai Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Merdeka_Bridge,_Malaysia=Merdeka Bridge, Malaysia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Old_Bridge,_Svilengrad=Old Bridge, Svilengrad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Haicang_Bridge=Haicang Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shantou_Bay_Bridge=Shantou Bay Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fengdu_Yangtze_River_Bridge=Fengdu Yangtze River Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andy_Warhol_Bridge=Andy Warhol Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Danube_Bridge=Danube Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sungai_Johor_Bridge=Sungai Johor Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Princes_Bridge=Princes Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crescent_Bridge=Crescent Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Main_Channel_Bridge_(Winona)=Main Channel Bridge (Winona)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bolivar_Bridge=Bolivar Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emmerich_Rhine_Bridge=Emmerich Rhine Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Neville_Island_Bridge=Neville Island Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/McKees_Rocks_Bridge=McKees Rocks Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Margaret_Hunt_Hill_Bridge=Margaret Hunt Hill Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tarban_Creek_Bridge=Tarban Creek Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fig_Tree_Bridge=Fig Tree Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lennox_Bridge,_Parramatta=Lennox Bridge, Parramatta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bellaire_Bridge=Bellaire Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bridgeport_Bridge_(Ohio_River)=Bridgeport Bridge (Ohio River)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caroll_C._Cropper_Bridge=Caroll C. Cropper Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fort_Henry_Bridge=Fort Henry Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Interstate_470_Bridge=Interstate 470 Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moundsville_Bridge=Moundsville Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marco_Polo_Bridge=Marco Polo Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Erasmusbrug=Erasmusbrug
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hardanger_Bridge=Hardanger Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_McCullough_Bridge=David McCullough Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I-35W_Mississippi_River_bridge=I-35W Mississippi River bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Semyonovsky_Bridge=Semyonovsky Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sheppard_Avenue_Bridge=Sheppard Avenue Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Great_Egg_Harbor_Bridge=Great Egg Harbor Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bringle_Ferry_Bridge=Bringle Ferry Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hohenzollern_Bridge=Hohenzollern Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Claiborne_Avenue_Bridge=Claiborne Avenue Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Middle_Bridge=Middle Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tharwa_Bridge=Tharwa Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mathers_Bridge=Mathers Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Little_Current_Swing_Bridge=Little Current Swing Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hartland_Bridge=Hartland Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cheongdam_Bridge=Cheongdam Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pont_au_Change=Pont au Change
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Captain_Cook_Bridge,_New_South_Wales=Captain Cook Bridge, New South Wales
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_Uglys_Bridge=Tom Uglys Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfords_Point_Bridge=Alfords Point Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Tridge_(Midland,_Michigan)=The Tridge (Midland, Michigan)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_N._Wade_Memorial_Bridge=George N. Wade Memorial Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mala_Rijeka_Viaduct=Mala Rijeka Viaduct
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maria_Pia_Bridge=Maria Pia Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Berry_Bridge=Charles Berry Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Franklin_Street_Bridge=Franklin Street Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aqueduct_Bridge_(Potomac_River)=Aqueduct Bridge (Potomac River)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canton_Viaduct=Canton Viaduct
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tunkhannock_Viaduct=Tunkhannock Viaduct
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christopher_S._Bond_Bridge_(Hermann,_Missouri)=Christopher S. Bond Bridge (Hermann, Missouri)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Basilone_Bridge=Basilone Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albany_Street_Bridge=Albany Street Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raritan_Bay_Drawbridge=Raritan Bay Drawbridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Erb's_Covered_Bridge=Erb's Covered Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Willemsbrug=Willemsbrug
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Conowingo_Bridge=Conowingo Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CNR_Bridge=CNR Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sultan_Yahya_Petra_Bridge=Sultan Yahya Petra Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sultan_Ahmad_Shah_II_Bridge=Sultan Ahmad Shah II Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ross_Bridge=Ross Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beesley's_Point_Bridge=Beesley's Point Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parkersburg_Bridge_(CSX)=Parkersburg Bridge (CSX)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walnut_Lane_Memorial_Bridge=Walnut Lane Memorial Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barwon_Heads_Bridge=Barwon Heads Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matthew_E._Welsh_Bridge=Matthew E. Welsh Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tower_Bridge_(California)=Tower Bridge (California)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Volodarsky_Bridge=Volodarsky Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buck_Hill_Farm_Covered_Bridge=Buck Hill Farm Covered Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Agate_Pass_Bridge=Agate Pass Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Portage_Bridge=Portage Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ovingham_Bridge=Ovingham Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mid-Bay_Bridge=Mid-Bay Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_Arm_Bridge=North Arm Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Finland_Railway_Bridge=Finland Railway Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Italian_Bridge=Italian Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dabong_Bridge=Dabong Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sultan_Ismail_Petra_Bridge=Sultan Ismail Petra Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Rolling_Bridge=The Rolling Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lions'_Bridge,_Sofia=Lions' Bridge, Sofia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Penobscot_Narrows_Bridge_and_Observatory=Penobscot Narrows Bridge and Observatory
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Garcon_Point_Bridge=Garcon Point Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clearwater_Memorial_Causeway=Clearwater Memorial Causeway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Allen_Williamson_Bridge=Allen Williamson Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/South_Park_Bridge=South Park Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spokane_Street_Bridge=Spokane Street Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glimmer_Glass_Bridge=Glimmer Glass Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glen_Canyon_Dam_Bridge=Glen Canyon Dam Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atlantic_Beach_Bridge=Atlantic Beach Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amelia_Earhart_Memorial_Bridge=Amelia Earhart Memorial Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monroe_Street_Bridge=Monroe Street Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Helix_Bridge=The Helix Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nowra_Bridge=Nowra Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Victoria_Bridge_(Penrith)=Victoria Bridge (Penrith)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nebraska_City_Bridge=Nebraska City Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lake_Temenggor_Bridge=Lake Temenggor Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kelvin_Aqueduct=Kelvin Aqueduct
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lower_Hack_Lift=Lower Hack Lift
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albert_Edward_Bridge=Albert Edward Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Union_Pacific_Missouri_River_Bridge=Union Pacific Missouri River Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Selat_Lumut_Bridge=Selat Lumut Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chestnut_Street_Bridge=Chestnut Street Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bellbank_Bridge=Bellbank Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bordeaux_Railway_Bridge=Bordeaux Railway Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bridge_to_Nowhere_(San_Gabriel_Mountains)=Bridge to Nowhere (San Gabriel Mountains)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cantlop_Bridge=Cantlop Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kingsferry_Bridge=Kingsferry Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_River_Bridge_(Interstate_95)=James River Bridge (Interstate 95)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alversund_Bridge=Alversund Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wylam_Railway_Bridge=Wylam Railway Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hagelsund_Bridge=Hagelsund Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grafton_Bridge,_New_South_Wales=Grafton Bridge, New South Wales
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roseville_Bridge=Roseville Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sutong_Yangtze_River_Bridge=Sutong Yangtze River Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Northampton_Street_Bridge=Northampton Street Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Framwellgate_Bridge=Framwellgate Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sixth_Street_Viaduct=Sixth Street Viaduct
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Second_Orinoco_crossing=Second Orinoco crossing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benetka_Road_Covered_Bridge=Benetka Road Covered Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caine_Road_Covered_Bridge=Caine Road Covered Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Creek_Road_Covered_Bridge=Creek Road Covered Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doyle_Road_Covered_Bridge=Doyle Road Covered Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Waterloo_Bridge,_Betws-y-Coed=Waterloo Bridge, Betws-y-Coed
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giddings_Road_Covered_Bridge=Giddings Road Covered Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clackmannanshire_Bridge=Clackmannanshire Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harpersfield_Covered_Bridge=Harpersfield Covered Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Graham_Road_Covered_Bridge=Graham Road Covered Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mechanicsville_Road_Covered_Bridge=Mechanicsville Road Covered Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prai_River_Bridge=Prai River Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Railroad_Bridge=New Railroad Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dearborn_Street_Bridge=Dearborn Street Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clark_Street_Bridge=Clark Street Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Middle_Road_Covered_Bridge=Middle Road Covered Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Netcher_Road_Covered_Bridge=Netcher Road Covered Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Poniatowski_Bridge=Poniatowski Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Olin's_Covered_Bridge=Olin's Covered Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Riverdale_Road_Covered_Bridge=Riverdale Road Covered Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Root_Road_Covered_Bridge=Root Road Covered Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/South_Denmark_Road_Covered_Bridge=South Denmark Road Covered Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/State_Road_Covered_Bridge=State Road Covered Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Windsor_Mills_Covered_Bridge=Windsor Mills Covered Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Godavari_Bridge=Godavari Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coleman_Bridge,_Singapore=Coleman Bridge, Singapore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Haringvlietdam=Haringvlietdam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Plattsmouth_Bridge=Plattsmouth Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bellevue_Bridge=Bellevue Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Market_Street_Bridge_(Harrisburg,_Pennsylvania)=Market Street Bridge (Harrisburg, Pennsylvania)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angers_Bridge=Angers Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Verrazano_Bridge_(Maryland)=Verrazano Bridge (Maryland)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Connel_Bridge=Connel Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Whites_Bridge=Whites Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/State_Street_Bridge_(Harrisburg,_Pennsylvania)=State Street Bridge (Harrisburg, Pennsylvania)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fallasburg_Bridge=Fallasburg Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Claude_Avenue_Bridge=St. Claude Avenue Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Almonaster_Avenue_Bridge=Almonaster Avenue Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I-10_High_Rise_Bridge=I-10 High Rise Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Danziger_Bridge=Danziger Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seabrook_Railroad_Bridge=Seabrook Railroad Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seabrook_Bridge=Seabrook Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Green_Bridge_(New_Orleans)=Green Bridge (New Orleans)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Craigmore_Viaduct=Craigmore Viaduct
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Europe_Bridge=New Europe Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roman_Bridge_(Trier)=Roman Bridge (Trier)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Centre_Street_Bridge_(Calgary)=Centre Street Bridge (Calgary)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Burnside's_Bridge=Burnside's Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ma_Wan_Viaduct=Ma Wan Viaduct
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Magnolia_Bridge=Magnolia Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yanghwa_Bridge=Yanghwa Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laigh_Milton_Viaduct=Laigh Milton Viaduct
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liberty_Bend_Bridge=Liberty Bend Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pont_de_Bir-Hakeim=Pont de Bir-Hakeim
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pont_Rouelle=Pont Rouelle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Victoria_Bridge,_Malaysia=Victoria Bridge, Malaysia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Incheon_Bridge=Incheon Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taba_Border_Crossing=Taba Border Crossing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wadi_Araba_Crossing=Wadi Araba Crossing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jordan_River_Crossing=Jordan River Crossing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nitzana_Border_Crossing=Nitzana Border Crossing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kopu_Bridge=Kopu Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abbotsford_Bridge=Abbotsford Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Girard_Point_Bridge=Girard Point Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bridge_of_Strings=Bridge of Strings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don_N._Holt_Bridge=Don N. Holt Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bewdley_Bridge=Bewdley Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Larpool_Viaduct=Larpool Viaduct
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dona_Ana_Bridge=Dona Ana Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fullers_Bridge=Fullers Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liberty_Bridge_at_Falls_Park_on_the_Reedy=Liberty Bridge at Falls Park on the Reedy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Washington_Carver_Bridge=George Washington Carver Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Poinsett_Bridge=Poinsett Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pont_de_Sully=Pont de Sully
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carter_Glass_Memorial_Bridge=Carter Glass Memorial Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Schenley_Bridge=Schenley Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Panther_Hollow_Bridge=Panther Hollow Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sidney_Sherman_Bridge=Sidney Sherman Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cobden_Bridge=Cobden Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Belden_Bly_Bridge=Belden Bly Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bertrand_Road_suspension_bridge=Bertrand Road suspension bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ann_W._Richards_Congress_Avenue_Bridge=Ann W. Richards Congress Avenue Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Honeymoon_Bridge_(Ontario)=Honeymoon Bridge (Ontario)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Burlington_Northern_Railroad_Bridge_9.6=Burlington Northern Railroad Bridge 9.6
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ASEAN_Bridge=ASEAN Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dudley_B._Menzies_Bridge=Dudley B. Menzies Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mill_Avenue_Bridges=Mill Avenue Bridges
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cut_River_Bridge=Cut River Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lyndon_Bridge=Lyndon Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/King_Street_Bridge_(Melbourne)=King Street Bridge (Melbourne)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fades_viaduct=Fades viaduct
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kittanning_Citizens_Bridge=Kittanning Citizens Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dorothy_Barnes_Pelote_Bridge=Dorothy Barnes Pelote Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Veterans_Memorial_Bridge_(Rochester,_New_York)=Veterans Memorial Bridge (Rochester, New York)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nelson_Mandela_Bridge=Nelson Mandela Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Schell_Bridge=Schell Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oregon_Trunk_Rail_Bridge=Oregon Trunk Rail Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eiffel_Bridge,_Zrenjanin=Eiffel Bridge, Zrenjanin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meridian_Highway_Bridge=Meridian Highway Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bloomington_Ferry_Bridge=Bloomington Ferry Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pensacola_Bay_Bridge=Pensacola Bay Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I-35W_Saint_Anthony_Falls_Bridge=I-35W Saint Anthony Falls Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flehe_Bridge=Flehe Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Denver_Millennium_Bridge=Denver Millennium Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Red_Bridge_(Tasmania)=Red Bridge (Tasmania)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Calcasieu_River_Bridge=Calcasieu River Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maroon_Creek_Bridge=Maroon Creek Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swann_Covered_Bridge=Swann Covered Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Victory_Bridge_(Yerevan)=Victory Bridge (Yerevan)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maestri_Bridge=Maestri Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CSX_Rigolets_Pass_Bridge=CSX Rigolets Pass Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Columbia_Bridge_(New_Hampshire)=Columbia Bridge (New Hampshire)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alamuchee-Bellamy_Covered_Bridge=Alamuchee-Bellamy Covered Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Igelsta_Bridge=Igelsta Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Market_Street_Bridge_(Philadelphia)=Market Street Bridge (Philadelphia)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ponquogue_Bridge=Ponquogue Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bedell_Covered_Bridge=Bedell Covered Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mansfield_Covered_Bridge=Mansfield Covered Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MacRitchie_Viaduct=MacRitchie Viaduct
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Big_Rocky_Fork_Covered_Bridge=Big Rocky Fork Covered Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Old_Blenheim_Bridge=Old Blenheim Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Conley's_Ford_Covered_Bridge=Conley's Ford Covered Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bridgeton_Covered_Bridge=Bridgeton Covered Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nevins_Covered_Bridge=Nevins Covered Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crooks_Covered_Bridge=Crooks Covered Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grays_River_Covered_Bridge=Grays River Covered Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anzalduas_International_Bridge=Anzalduas International Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beeson_Covered_Bridge=Beeson Covered Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Billie_Creek_Covered_Bridge=Billie Creek Covered Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Neet_Covered_Bridge=Neet Covered Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Governor_Thomas_Johnson_Bridge=Governor Thomas Johnson Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rexleigh_Bridge=Rexleigh Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Copeland_Bridge=Copeland Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Catlin_Covered_Bridge=Catlin Covered Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cox_Ford_Covered_Bridge=Cox Ford Covered Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harry_Evans_Covered_Bridge=Harry Evans Covered Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jackson_Covered_Bridge=Jackson Covered Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leatherwood_Station_Covered_Bridge=Leatherwood Station Covered Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marshall_Covered_Bridge=Marshall Covered Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mecca_Covered_Bridge=Mecca Covered Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Melcher_Covered_Bridge=Melcher Covered Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mill_Creek_Covered_Bridge=Mill Creek Covered Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Narrows_Covered_Bridge=Narrows Covered Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Portland_Mills_Covered_Bridge=Portland Mills Covered Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phillips_Covered_Bridge=Phillips Covered Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jamestown_Viaduct=Jamestown Viaduct
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roseville-Coxville_Covered_Bridge=Roseville-Coxville Covered Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rush_Creek_Covered_Bridge=Rush Creek Covered Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sanitorium_Covered_Bridge=Sanitorium Covered Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sim_Smith_Covered_Bridge=Sim Smith Covered Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thorpe_Ford_Covered_Bridge=Thorpe Ford Covered Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_Union_Covered_Bridge=West Union Covered Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilkins_Mill_Covered_Bridge=Wilkins Mill Covered Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zacke_Cox_Covered_Bridge=Zacke Cox Covered Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gudgeonville_Covered_Bridge=Gudgeonville Covered Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Halfpenny_Bridge=Halfpenny Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_Squirrel_Creek_Bridge=Black Squirrel Creek Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eiksund_Bridge=Eiksund Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kinzua_Bridge=Kinzua Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis_Bisson_Bridge=Louis Bisson Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arboretum_Sewer_Trestle=Arboretum Sewer Trestle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Second_Wuhan_Yangtze_River_Bridge=Second Wuhan Yangtze River Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wuhan_Yangtze_River_Bridge=Wuhan Yangtze River Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Comer_Bridge=Comer Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wabash_Bridge_(Pittsburgh)=Wabash Bridge (Pittsburgh)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cogan_House_Covered_Bridge=Cogan House Covered Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pont_du_Carrousel=Pont du Carrousel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pennsylvania_Avenue_Bridge=Pennsylvania Avenue Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Des_Plaines_River_Valley_Bridge=Des Plaines River Valley Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ballochmyle_Viaduct=Ballochmyle Viaduct
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Veterans_Memorial_Bridge_(Bristol_County,_Massachusetts)=Veterans Memorial Bridge (Bristol County, Massachusetts)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Summerleaze_Footbridge=Summerleaze Footbridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hares_Hill_Road_Bridge=Hares Hill Road Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Low_Level_Bridge_(Edmonton)=Low Level Bridge (Edmonton)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chenab_Bridge=Chenab Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack's_Creek_Covered_Bridge=Jack's Creek Covered Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Suffield_and_Thompsonville_Bridge=Suffield and Thompsonville Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Irondequoit_Bay_Bridge=Irondequoit Bay Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Irondequoit_Bay_Outlet_Bridge=Irondequoit Bay Outlet Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silverwater_Bridge=Silverwater Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Military_Order_of_the_Purple_Heart_Bridge=Military Order of the Purple Heart Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/6th_October_Bridge=6th October Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Street_Bridge=I Street Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fredericton_Railway_Bridge=Fredericton Railway Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aetnaville_Bridge=Aetnaville Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Millennium_Bridge_(Kazan)=Millennium Bridge (Kazan)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pont_amont=Pont amont
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Curlew_Bridge=Curlew Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leverett_Circle_Connector_Bridge=Leverett Circle Connector Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Unity_Bridge=Unity Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canadian_Northern_Ontario_Railway_Federal_Bridge=Canadian Northern Ontario Railway Federal Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pont_d'Austerlitz=Pont d'Austerlitz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bladensburg_Road_Bridge=Bladensburg Road Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pont_au_Double=Pont au Double
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trent_Bridge_(bridge)=Trent Bridge (bridge)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sale_Swing_Bridge=Sale Swing Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_C._Nance_Memorial_Bridge=James C. Nance Memorial Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Valley_View_Bridge=Valley View Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Balclutha_Road_Bridge=Balclutha Road Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pencoyd_Railroad_Bridge_(Kansas_City,_Missouri)=Pencoyd Railroad Bridge (Kansas City, Missouri)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pont_Notre-Dame=Pont Notre-Dame
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Petit_Pont=Petit Pont
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pont_Saint-Michel=Pont Saint-Michel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pont_de_la_Concorde_(Paris)=Pont de la Concorde (Paris)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parry_Sound_CPR_Trestle=Parry Sound CPR Trestle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sioux_Narrows_Bridge=Sioux Narrows Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pont_Saint-Louis=Pont Saint-Louis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Portal_Bridge=Portal Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pont_Mirabeau=Pont Mirabeau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pont_du_Garigliano=Pont du Garigliano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pont_aval=Pont aval
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pont_National=Pont National
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pont_de_Tolbiac=Pont de Tolbiac
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wanxian_Bridge=Wanxian Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swithland_Viaduct=Swithland Viaduct
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stone_Bridge,_Riga=Stone Bridge, Riga
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kinzie_Street_railroad_bridge=Kinzie Street railroad bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/18th_Street_Expressway_Bridge=18th Street Expressway Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fairfax_Bridge_(Washington)=Fairfax Bridge (Washington)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/East_34th_Street_Bridge=East 34th Street Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walnut_Lane_Bridge=Walnut Lane Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greenpoint_Avenue_Bridge=Greenpoint Avenue Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Queshi_Bridge=Queshi Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Half_Chance_Iron_Bridge=Half Chance Iron Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pont_del_Diable=Pont del Diable
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kansas_Avenue_Bridge_(West)=Kansas Avenue Bridge (West)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arkadiko_Bridge=Arkadiko Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/U.S._40_and_59_Bridges=U.S. 40 and 59 Bridges
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kansas_Turnpike_Bridges=Kansas Turnpike Bridges
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dragon_Bridge_(Ljubljana)=Dragon Bridge (Ljubljana)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kuokkala_Bridge=Kuokkala Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brotherhood_Bridge=Brotherhood Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Slateford_Aqueduct=Slateford Aqueduct
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fairfield_Bridge=Fairfield Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chollerford_Bridge=Chollerford Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Watergate,_Chester=Watergate, Chester
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hulme_Arch_Bridge=Hulme Arch Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Niagara_Clifton_Bridge=Niagara Clifton Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sunniberg_Bridge=Sunniberg Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Groat_Bridge=Groat Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quesnell_Bridge=Quesnell Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_MacDonald_Bridge=James MacDonald Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edison_Bridge_(Ohio)=Edison Bridge (Ohio)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daly's_bridge=Daly's bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sebastian_Inlet_Bridge=Sebastian Inlet Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moselle_Viaduct=Moselle Viaduct
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dunham_Bridge=Dunham Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crumlin_Viaduct=Crumlin Viaduct
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Masnaa_Border_Crossing=Masnaa Border Crossing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pond_Eddy_Bridge=Pond Eddy Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All-America_Bridge=All-America Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Makupa_Causeway=Makupa Causeway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clover_Bar_Bridge=Clover Bar Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mattancherry_Bridge=Mattancherry Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brig_o'_Doon=Brig o' Doon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beverly_Railroad_Bridge=Beverly Railroad Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buttonwood_Covered_Bridge=Buttonwood Covered Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walterdale_Bridge=Walterdale Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dawson_Bridge=Dawson Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Forksville_Covered_Bridge=Forksville Covered Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hillsgrove_Covered_Bridge=Hillsgrove Covered Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Avon_Aqueduct=Avon Aqueduct
http://dbpedia.org/resource/33rd_Street_Railroad_Bridge=33rd Street Railroad Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Onepoto_Bridge=Onepoto Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thames_River_Bridge_(Amtrak)=Thames River Bridge (Amtrak)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dungeness_River_Bridge=Dungeness River Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tinkers_Creek_Aqueduct=Tinkers Creek Aqueduct
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Camino_Real_International_Bridge=Camino Real International Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Linda_International_Bridge=La Linda International Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strawberry_Mansion_Bridge=Strawberry Mansion Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Falls_Bridge=Falls Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wylam_Bridge=Wylam Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flats_Industrial_Railroad=Flats Industrial Railroad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Constantine's_Bridge_(Danube)=Constantine's Bridge (Danube)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacques_Bizard_Bridge=Jacques Bizard Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/High_Bridge_(Coatesville,_Pennsylvania)=High Bridge (Coatesville, Pennsylvania)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fisher's_Lane_Bridge=Fisher's Lane Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spencer_Street_Bridge=Spencer Street Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Landenberg_Bridge=Landenberg Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tilikum_Crossing=Tilikum Crossing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trevorton_Bridge=Trevorton Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/19th_Street_Bridge=19th Street Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_Cornwall_Covered_Bridge=West Cornwall Covered Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sultan_Ahmad_Shah_Bridge=Sultan Ahmad Shah Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laurier_Railway_Bridge=Laurier Railway Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Long_Beach_Bridge=Long Beach Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shaw_Bridge=Shaw Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Qasr_al-Nil_Bridge=Qasr al-Nil Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flour_Bridge=Flour Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reading_Festival_Bridge=Reading Festival Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sennoy_Bridge=Sennoy Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Novo-Konyushenny_Bridge=Novo-Konyushenny Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samuel_Beckett_Bridge=Samuel Beckett Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yavuz_Sultan_Selim_Bridge=Yavuz Sultan Selim Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cherry_Street_Strauss_Trunnion_Bascule_Bridge=Cherry Street Strauss Trunnion Bascule Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/River_Suir_Bridge=River Suir Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dornoch_Firth_Bridge=Dornoch Firth Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Watertown_Bridge=Watertown Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goodpasture_Bridge=Goodpasture Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Platte_River_Bridge=Platte River Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Highland_Bridge=Highland Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eggner's_Ferry_Bridge=Eggner's Ferry Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cromarty_Bridge=Cromarty Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pont_National_(Brest)=Pont National (Brest)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Satok_Bridge=Satok Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Datuk_Patinggi_Haji_Abdul_Rahman_Bridge=Datuk Patinggi Haji Abdul Rahman Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Waterford_Covered_Bridge=Waterford Covered Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Watts_Mill_Bridge=Watts Mill Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/River_Street_Bridge_(Charles_River)=River Street Bridge (Charles River)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Western_Avenue_Bridge=Western Avenue Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eliot_Bridge=Eliot Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Locke_Avenue_Bridge=Locke Avenue Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cedar_Canyon_Bridge=Cedar Canyon Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Corduroy_Creek_Bridge=Corduroy Creek Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pont_de_Pierre_(Aosta)=Pont de Pierre (Aosta)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walney_Bridge=Walney Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Safe_Harbor_Trestle=Safe Harbor Trestle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thornton_viaduct=Thornton viaduct
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Weidendammer_Bridge=Weidendammer Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indooroopilly_Railway_Bridge=Indooroopilly Railway Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rochefort-Martrou_Transporter_Bridge=Rochefort-Martrou Transporter Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/C215_Viaduct=C215 Viaduct
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Plunketts_Creek_Bridge_No._3=Plunketts Creek Bridge No. 3
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baishazhou_Yangtze_River_Bridge=Baishazhou Yangtze River Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Qingchuan_Bridge=Qingchuan Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fletcher_Covered_Bridge=Fletcher Covered Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Capilano_Bridge_(Edmonton)=Capilano Bridge (Edmonton)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/8_November_Bridge=8 November Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Schoharie_Creek_Bridge_collapse=Schoharie Creek Bridge collapse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ponte_Sublicio=Ponte Sublicio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Breydon_Viaduct=Breydon Viaduct
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tauranga_Harbour_Bridge=Tauranga Harbour Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rock_Island_Railroad_Bridge_(Columbia_River)=Rock Island Railroad Bridge (Columbia River)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sidu_River_Bridge=Sidu River Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ada_Bridge=Ada Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All-American_Canal_Bridge=All-American Canal Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Huangpu_Bridge=Huangpu Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Innerbelt_Bridge=Innerbelt Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pont_de_Neuilly=Pont de Neuilly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anthony_Wayne_Bridge=Anthony Wayne Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/English_Bridge_(Saint_Petersburg)=English Bridge (Saint Petersburg)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fire_Island_Inlet_Bridge=Fire Island Inlet Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lewis_Bandt_Bridge=Lewis Bandt Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_Beacon_Street_Bridge=North Beacon Street Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arsenal_Street_Bridge=Arsenal Street Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lower_Humbert_Covered_Bridge=Lower Humbert Covered Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hannam_Bridge=Hannam Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Banpo_Bridge=Banpo Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shaikh_Isa_Causeway=Shaikh Isa Causeway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Sauer_Bridge=Paul Sauer Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Layton_Bridge=Layton Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bridge_Street_Bridge_(Newark)=Bridge Street Bridge (Newark)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baling_River_Bridge=Baling River Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ponte_Salario=Ponte Salario
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Banghwa_Bridge=Banghwa Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bluff_Dale_Suspension_Bridge=Bluff Dale Suspension Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dollis_Brook_Viaduct=Dollis Brook Viaduct
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Labuan-Menumbok_Bridge=Labuan-Menumbok Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Allegheny_River_Turnpike_Bridge=Allegheny River Turnpike Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wintergreen_Gorge_Bridge=Wintergreen Gorge Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tacoma_Narrows_Bridge_(1950)=Tacoma Narrows Bridge (1950)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jibboom_Street_Bridge=Jibboom Street Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hexham_Bridge=Hexham Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gray's_Ferry_Bridge=Gray's Ferry Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hexham_Old_Bridge=Hexham Old Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Constantius_Bridge=Constantius Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Snow-Reed_Swing_Bridge=Snow-Reed Swing Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wadi_el_Kuf_Bridge=Wadi el Kuf Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gross_Covered_Bridge=Gross Covered Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Langkawi_Sky_Bridge=Langkawi Sky Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Styford_Bridge=Styford Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Novo-kamenniy_Bridge=Novo-kamenniy Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bywell_Bridge=Bywell Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jamsu_Bridge=Jamsu Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kallestadsundet_Bridge=Kallestadsundet Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bridge_L-158=Bridge L-158
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silver_Bridge=Silver Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stolma_Bridge=Stolma Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bryggebroen=Bryggebroen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Southdown_Road_Skew_Bridge=Southdown Road Skew Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fossil_Creek_Bridge=Fossil Creek Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Verde_River_Bridge=Verde River Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Perkinsville_Bridge=Perkinsville Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Neidpath_Viaduct=Neidpath Viaduct
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frederick_W._Panhorst_Bridge=Frederick W. Panhorst Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Princess_of_Wales_Bridge=Princess of Wales Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rock_Creek_Canyon_Bridge=Rock Creek Canyon Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Teesquay_Millennium_Footbridge=Teesquay Millennium Footbridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lyne_Viaduct=Lyne Viaduct
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kielder_Viaduct=Kielder Viaduct
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norfolk_Southern_Lake_Pontchartrain_Bridge=Norfolk Southern Lake Pontchartrain Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caneadea_Bridge=Caneadea Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Wear_bridge=New Wear bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peace_Bridge_(Calgary)=Peace Bridge (Calgary)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maple_Street_Covered_Bridge=Maple Street Covered Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gates_Farm_Covered_Bridge=Gates Farm Covered Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beebe_Bridge=Beebe Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arch_Bridge_(Bellows_Falls)=Arch Bridge (Bellows Falls)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hacho_Bridge=Hacho Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louise_Bridge=Louise Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/East_Fairfield_Covered_Bridge=East Fairfield Covered Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Poland_Covered_Bridge=Poland Covered Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hereford_Road_Skew_Bridge=Hereford Road Skew Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baluarte_Bridge=Baluarte Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sultan_Yusuf_Bridge=Sultan Yusuf Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iskandariah_Bridge=Iskandariah Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sultan_Abdul_Jalil_Shah_Bridge=Sultan Abdul Jalil Shah Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sultan_Azlan_Shah_Bridge=Sultan Azlan Shah Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sultan_Idris_Shah_II_Bridge=Sultan Idris Shah II Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sultan_Salahuddin_Abdul_Aziz_Shah_Bridge=Sultan Salahuddin Abdul Aziz Shah Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Horkstow_Bridge=Horkstow Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zacatal_Bridge=Zacatal Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Power_House_Covered_Bridge=Power House Covered Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scribner_Covered_Bridge=Scribner Covered Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hadley_Parabolic_Bridge=Hadley Parabolic Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bridge_in_West_Earl_Township=Bridge in West Earl Township
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lover's_Leap_Bridge=Lover's Leap Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cheonho_Bridge=Cheonho Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hite_Crossing_Bridge=Hite Crossing Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_Bridge,_Halifax=North Bridge, Halifax
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Loren_Bridge=Loren Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Biryulka=Biryulka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Galena_Creek_Bridge=Galena Creek Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jalan_Buroh_Extradosed_Bridge=Jalan Buroh Extradosed Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jiak_Kim_Bridge=Jiak Kim Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Valley_Bridge=Valley Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Firefighters'_Memorial_Bridge_(Pittston)=Firefighters' Memorial Bridge (Pittston)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Terzijski_Bridge=Terzijski Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Penponds_Viaduct=Penponds Viaduct
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carmine_Liberta_Bridge=Carmine Liberta Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barker_Crossing=Barker Crossing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Borden_Bridge=Borden Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crooked_Bridge=Crooked Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arapsu_Bridge=Arapsu Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eurymedon_Bridge_(Selge)=Eurymedon Bridge (Selge)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grand_Coulee_Bridge=Grand Coulee Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Union_Railroad_Port_Perry_Bridge=Union Railroad Port Perry Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/McKeesport-Duquesne_Bridge=McKeesport-Duquesne Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/W.D._Mansfield_Memorial_Bridge=W.D. Mansfield Memorial Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clairton-Glassport_Bridge=Clairton-Glassport Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Union_Railroad_Clairton_Bridge=Union Railroad Clairton Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Regis_R._Malady_Bridge=Regis R. Malady Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Herr's_Island_Railroad_Bridge=Herr's Island Railroad Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/31st_Street_Bridge=31st Street Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Washington_Crossing_Bridge_(Pittsburgh)=Washington Crossing Bridge (Pittsburgh)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Senator_Robert_D._Fleming_Bridge=Senator Robert D. Fleming Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Highland_Park_Bridge=Highland Park Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brilliant_Branch_Railroad_Bridge=Brilliant Branch Railroad Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bessemer_&_Lake_Erie_Railroad_Bridge=Bessemer & Lake Erie Railroad Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/C.L._Schmitt_Bridge=C.L. Schmitt Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_D._Stuart_Bridge=George D. Stuart Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bridge_of_Glass=Bridge of Glass
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robber's_Bridge=Robber's Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Langevin_Bridge=Langevin Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jintang_Bridge=Jintang Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Allegheny_Aqueduct_(Pittsburgh)=Allegheny Aqueduct (Pittsburgh)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chamberlin_Mill_Covered_Bridge=Chamberlin Mill Covered Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chengyang_Bridge=Chengyang Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mumbai_Trans_Harbour_Link=Mumbai Trans Harbour Link
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clifton_Bridge_(Nottingham)=Clifton Bridge (Nottingham)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saugatuck_River_Bridge=Saugatuck River Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harrington_Bridge=Harrington Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Slauerhoffbrug=Slauerhoffbrug
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gunthorpe_Bridge=Gunthorpe Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anping_Bridge=Anping Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilford_Suspension_Bridge=Wilford Suspension Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilford_Toll_Bridge=Wilford Toll Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rectory_Junction_Viaduct=Rectory Junction Viaduct
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pont-y-Cafnau=Pont-y-Cafnau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keadby_Bridge=Keadby Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trent_Bridge,_Gainsborough=Trent Bridge, Gainsborough
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arapuni_Suspension_Bridge=Arapuni Suspension Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sheikh_Zayed_Bridge=Sheikh Zayed Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/South_Norwalk_Railroad_Bridge=South Norwalk Railroad Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Viaducto_de_Montabliz=Viaducto de Montabliz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barton_Road_Swing_Bridge=Barton Road Swing Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cochin_Bridge=Cochin Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Park_Bridge_(Trans-Canada)=Park Bridge (Trans-Canada)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hegigio_Gorge_Pipeline_Bridge=Hegigio Gorge Pipeline Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aizhai_Bridge=Aizhai Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beipan_River_Guanxing_Highway_Bridge=Beipan River Guanxing Highway Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beipan_River_Hukun_Expressway_Bridge=Beipan River Hukun Expressway Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liuguanghe_Bridge=Liuguanghe Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zhijing_River_Bridge=Zhijing River Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beipanjiang_River_Railway_Bridge=Beipanjiang River Railway Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elm_Street_Stone_Arch_Bridge=Elm Street Stone Arch Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Highland_Park_Bridge_(1902)=Highland Park Bridge (1902)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sino-Nepal_Friendship_Bridge=Sino-Nepal Friendship Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Currin_Bridge=Currin Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mosby_Creek_Bridge=Mosby Creek Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ponte_da_Varela=Ponte da Varela
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ponte_da_Fontinha=Ponte da Fontinha
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ponte_de_Coronados=Ponte de Coronados
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ponte_Velha_(Macieira_de_Cambra)=Ponte Velha (Macieira de Cambra)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ponte_do_Castelo=Ponte do Castelo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ponte_de_Cavalos=Ponte de Cavalos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ponte_Pedonal_Circular_(Aveiro)=Ponte Pedonal Circular (Aveiro)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ponte_da_Ribeira_de_Cobres=Ponte da Ribeira de Cobres
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ponte_de_Moura=Ponte de Moura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ponte_D._Maria=Ponte D. Maria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ponte_do_Porto=Ponte do Porto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ponte_do_Bico=Ponte do Bico
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ponte_de_Barcelos=Ponte de Barcelos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ponte_Romana=Ponte Romana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ponte_do_Prado=Ponte do Prado
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ponte_da_Mizarela=Ponte da Mizarela
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ponte_de_Cavez=Ponte de Cavez
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ponte_de_Serves=Ponte de Serves
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ponte_de_Gimonde=Ponte de Gimonde
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ponte_do_Rio_Ave=Ponte do Rio Ave
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ponte_de_Mem_Gutierres=Ponte de Mem Gutierres
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ponte_Almirante_Sarmento_Rodrigues=Ponte Almirante Sarmento Rodrigues
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ponte_de_Frieira=Ponte de Frieira
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ponte_de_Lagoncinha=Ponte de Lagoncinha
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ponte_do_Paul=Ponte do Paul
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ponte_da_Ribeira_de_Meimoa=Ponte da Ribeira de Meimoa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ponte_de_Segura=Ponte de Segura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ponte_de_Vilar_de_Mouros=Ponte de Vilar de Mouros
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ponte_de_Vilela=Ponte de Vilela
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ponte_de_Varziela=Ponte de Varziela
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ponte_de_Dorna=Ponte de Dorna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ponte_Nova_da_Cava_da_Velha=Ponte Nova da Cava da Velha
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ponte_do_Rio_Vade=Ponte do Rio Vade
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ponte_da_Barbeita=Ponte da Barbeita
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ponte_Eiffel=Ponte Eiffel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ponte_de_Assureira=Ponte de Assureira
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ponte_do_Arquinho=Ponte do Arquinho
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mill_Street_Stone_Arch_Bridge=Mill Street Stone Arch Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lowell_Bridge=Lowell Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deh_Cho_Bridge=Deh Cho Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dragon_Bridge_(Da_Nang)=Dragon Bridge (Da Nang)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Basarab_Overpass=Basarab Overpass
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michaelson_Road_Bridge=Michaelson Road Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nutty_Narrows_Bridge=Nutty Narrows Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dickabram_Bridge=Dickabram Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Forgan_Bridge=Forgan Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edmund_Pettus_Bridge=Edmund Pettus Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Denison_Bridge=Denison Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bridge_of_Flowers_(bridge)=Bridge of Flowers (bridge)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wissahickon_Memorial_Bridge=Wissahickon Memorial Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Unity_Bridge_2=Unity Bridge 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Urangan_Pier=Urangan Pier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albert_Gallatin_Memorial_Bridge=Albert Gallatin Memorial Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lamington_Bridge=Lamington Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Burt_County_Missouri_River_Bridge=Burt County Missouri River Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pont_de_Brotonne=Pont de Brotonne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Old_Godavari_Bridge=Old Godavari Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Godavari_Arch_Bridge=Godavari Arch Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tianxingzhou_Yangtze_River_Bridge=Tianxingzhou Yangtze River Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tavy_Bridge=Tavy Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chaotianmen_Bridge=Chaotianmen Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cane_Hill_Road_Bridge=Cane Hill Road Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nijmegen_railway_bridge=Nijmegen railway bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sault_Ste._Marie_Bridge_Company=Sault Ste. Marie Bridge Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manayunk_Bridge=Manayunk Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cadishead_Viaduct=Cadishead Viaduct
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pecos_River_High_Bridge=Pecos River High Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Girard_Avenue_Bridge=Girard Avenue Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pennsylvania_Railroad,_Connecting_Railway_Bridge=Pennsylvania Railroad, Connecting Railway Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spider_Bridge_at_Falls_of_Schuylkill=Spider Bridge at Falls of Schuylkill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yi_Sun-sin_Bridge=Yi Sun-sin Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Namdang_Stone_Bridge=Namdang Stone Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philadelphia_and_Reading_Railroad,_Schuylkill_River_Viaduct=Philadelphia and Reading Railroad, Schuylkill River Viaduct
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Twin_Bridges_(Philadelphia)=Twin Bridges (Philadelphia)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jiangyin_Yangtze_River_Bridge=Jiangyin Yangtze River Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chain_Bridge_at_Falls_of_Schuylkill=Chain Bridge at Falls of Schuylkill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Band-e_Kaisar=Band-e Kaisar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eiffel_Bridge,_Ungheni=Eiffel Bridge, Ungheni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hochmosel_Bridge=Hochmosel Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Candaba_Viaduct=Candaba Viaduct
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Red_Bridge_(Yerevan)=Red Bridge (Yerevan)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bridge_of_Don_(bridge)=Bridge of Don (bridge)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yangluo_Yangtze_River_Bridge=Yangluo Yangtze River Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_O'Connell_Bridge=John O'Connell Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kalemouth_Suspension_Bridge=Kalemouth Suspension Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lebaan_Bridge=Lebaan Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grand_Rapids_Swing_Bridge=Grand Rapids Swing Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_Boys_Bridge=Black Boys Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/IHNC_Lake_Borgne_Surge_Barrier=IHNC Lake Borgne Surge Barrier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Assawoman_Bay_Bridge=Assawoman Bay Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harry_W._Kelley_Memorial_Bridge=Harry W. Kelley Memorial Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pithole_Stone_Arch_Bridge=Pithole Stone Arch Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peats_Ferry_Bridge=Peats Ferry Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Langwieser_Viaduct=Langwieser Viaduct
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Pepa_Bridge=La Pepa Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maslenica_Bridge_(D8)=Maslenica Bridge (D8)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Solis_Viaduct=Solis Viaduct
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wiesen_Viaduct=Wiesen Viaduct
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Schmittentobel_Viaduct=Schmittentobel Viaduct
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brusio_spiral_viaduct=Brusio spiral viaduct
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crook_Point_Bascule_Bridge=Crook Point Bascule Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Columbia_Railroad_Bridge=Columbia Railroad Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charleroi-Monessen_Bridge=Charleroi-Monessen Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Castielertobel_Viaduct=Castielertobel Viaduct
http://dbpedia.org/resource/E._L._Patton_Yukon_River_Bridge=E. L. Patton Yukon River Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jones_Bridge=Jones Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/B&O_Railroad_Bridge=B&O Railroad Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_S._Thompsonbrug=John S. Thompsonbrug
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vembanad_Rail_Bridge=Vembanad Rail Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bukit_Merah_Lake_Railway_Bridge=Bukit Merah Lake Railway Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swilcan_Bridge=Swilcan Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Padma_Bridge=Padma Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mes_Bridge=Mes Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Felton_Covered_Bridge=Felton Covered Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rendsburg_High_Bridge=Rendsburg High Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pont_De_Rennes_bridge=Pont De Rennes bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gulf_Intracoastal_Waterway_West_Closure_Complex=Gulf Intracoastal Waterway West Closure Complex
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pequonnock_River_Railroad_Bridge=Pequonnock River Railroad Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mohaka_Viaduct=Mohaka Viaduct
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Schuylkill_Arsenal_Railroad_Bridge=Schuylkill Arsenal Railroad Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Salle_Street_Bridge=La Salle Street Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Devon_Bridge_(Alberta)=Devon Bridge (Alberta)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tukey's_Bridge=Tukey's Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stoney_Creek_Bridge=Stoney Creek Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_F._Kennedy_Boulevard_Bridge=John F. Kennedy Boulevard Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Durra_Border_Crossing=Durra Border Crossing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albion_River_Bridge=Albion River Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_River_Drive_Bridge=West River Drive Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eleutherna_Bridge=Eleutherna Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Susegana_Bridge=Susegana Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Schuylkill_Expressway_Bridge=Schuylkill Expressway Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lytton_CNR_Thompson_Bridge=Lytton CNR Thompson Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lytton_CNR_Fraser_Bridge=Lytton CNR Fraser Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jiefang_Bridge=Jiefang Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guangzhou_Bridge=Guangzhou Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Renmin_Bridge=Renmin Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Huanan_Bridge=Huanan Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Haizhu_Bridge=Haizhu Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Haiyin_Bridge=Haiyin Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jiangwan_Bridge=Jiangwan Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pazhou_Bridge=Pazhou Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liede_Bridge=Liede Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dabar_Bridge=Dabar Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Queensferry_Crossing=Queensferry Crossing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tanners'_Bridge=Tanners' Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raja_Muda_Nazrin_Bridge=Raja Muda Nazrin Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Einasleigh_River_Bridge=Einasleigh River Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Little_Crystal_Creek_Bridge=Little Crystal Creek Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seabrook_Floodgate=Seabrook Floodgate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Te_Rewa_Rewa_Bridge=Te Rewa Rewa Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pukete_Bridge=Pukete Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paton_Bridge=Paton Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moskovskyi_Bridge=Moskovskyi Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Victoria_Bridge,_Hamilton=Victoria Bridge, Hamilton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kiev_Metro_Bridge=Kiev Metro Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pivdennyi_Bridge=Pivdennyi Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rhodes_Footbridge=Rhodes Footbridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/O_Street_Viaduct_(Omaha,_Nebraska)=O Street Viaduct (Omaha, Nebraska)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Endeavour_Bridge=Endeavour Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crawford_Street_Bridge=Crawford Street Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harbord_Street_Bridge=Harbord Street Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Most_Ljubavi=Most Ljubavi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Duisburg-Hochfeld_Railway_Bridge=Duisburg-Hochfeld Railway Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_Liberty_Covered_Bridge=West Liberty Covered Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Whipple_Cast_and_Wrought_Iron_Bowstring_Truss_Bridge=Whipple Cast and Wrought Iron Bowstring Truss Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Powerscourt_Covered_Bridge=Powerscourt Covered Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colonel_Patrick_O'Rorke_Memorial_Bridge=Colonel Patrick O'Rorke Memorial Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pont-barrage_de_Monsin=Pont-barrage de Monsin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rio_Negro_Bridge=Rio Negro Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Darebin_Creek_Bridge=Darebin Creek Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bulla_Bridge=Bulla Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kineshma_Bridge=Kineshma Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sergeant_Carl_F._Curran_II_Bridge=Sergeant Carl F. Curran II Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Veterans_Memorial_Bridge_(Essex_County,_Massachusetts)=Veterans Memorial Bridge (Essex County, Massachusetts)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Suleiman_Bridge=Suleiman Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Long_Creek_Bridge=Long Creek Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sachs_Covered_Bridge=Sachs Covered Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rosendale_Trestle=Rosendale Trestle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bras_de_la_Plaine_Bridge=Bras de la Plaine Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arenal_Bridge=Arenal Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rhine_Bridge,_Kehl=Rhine Bridge, Kehl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Airport_Flyover,_Brisbane=Airport Flyover, Brisbane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Green_Bridge_(Vilnius)=Green Bridge (Vilnius)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emlenton_Low_Level_Bridge=Emlenton Low Level Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bridge_in_Jefferson_Borough=Bridge in Jefferson Borough
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brickell_Avenue_Bridge=Brickell Avenue Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ampera_Bridge=Ampera Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nagoya_Port_Drawbridge=Nagoya Port Drawbridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benton_Street_Bridge=Benton Street Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Niantic_River_Bridge=Niantic River Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kama_Bridge=Kama Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tidioute_Bridge=Tidioute Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mill_Bridge_(Pennsylvania)=Mill Bridge (Pennsylvania)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leechburg_Bridge=Leechburg Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hartelkering=Hartelkering
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jiaozhou_Bay_Bridge=Jiaozhou Bay Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inclined_Plane_Bridge=Inclined Plane Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Harmony_Toll_Bridge=New Harmony Toll Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hubners_Bridge=Hubners Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Memorial_Bridge_(Palatka,_Florida)=Memorial Bridge (Palatka, Florida)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Third_Nanjing_Yangtze_Bridge=Third Nanjing Yangtze Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Krossnessundet_Bridge=Krossnessundet Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Onehunga_Harbour_Road_Bridge=Onehunga Harbour Road Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Napier_Bridge=Napier Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martin_Bridge=Martin Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Worli-Haji_Ali_Sea_Link=Worli-Haji Ali Sea Link
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrew_Nixon_Bridge=Andrew Nixon Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mianus_River_Bridge=Mianus River Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carmichaels_Covered_Bridge=Carmichaels Covered Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rory_O'More_Bridge=Rory O'More Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Macleay_River_Bridge=Macleay River Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nanpu_Bridge=Nanpu Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isis_River_Bridge=Isis River Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ozimek_Suspension_Bridge=Ozimek Suspension Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reiman_Bridge=Reiman Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Juneau-Douglas_Bridge=Juneau-Douglas Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Granville_Bridge,_Maryborough=Granville Bridge, Maryborough
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Illinois_Central_Missouri_River_Bridge=Illinois Central Missouri River Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ponte_Buriano=Ponte Buriano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charlie_Earp_Bridge=Charlie Earp Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hagwilget_Canyon_Bridge=Hagwilget Canyon Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christine_Falls_Bridge=Christine Falls Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tokyo_Gate_Bridge=Tokyo Gate Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goteik_viaduct=Goteik viaduct
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bowker_Overpass=Bowker Overpass
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don_River_Bridge,_Rannes=Don River Bridge, Rannes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don_River_Bridge,_Bowen=Don River Bridge, Bowen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Persian_Gulf_Bridge=Persian Gulf Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Walter_Mason_Bridge=William Walter Mason Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mungindi_Bridge=Mungindi Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cowen_Park_Bridge=Cowen Park Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/20th_Avenue_NE_Bridge=20th Avenue NE Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Schmitz_Park_Bridge=Schmitz Park Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sam_White_Bridge=Sam White Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cathedral_Bridge=Cathedral Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yiling_Yangtze_River_Bridge=Yiling Yangtze River Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_Queen_Anne_Drive_Bridge=North Queen Anne Drive Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Naranarayan_Setu=Naranarayan Setu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iskandar_Coastal_Bridge=Iskandar Coastal Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacobs_Ladder_Bridge=Jacobs Ladder Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manchester_Bridge_(Pittsburgh)=Manchester Bridge (Pittsburgh)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Outer_Drive_Bridge=Outer Drive Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bridge_of_Peace_(Georgia)=The Bridge of Peace (Georgia)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/High_Bridge,_Reading=High Bridge, Reading
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pulp_Mill_Covered_Bridge=Pulp Mill Covered Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Three_Countries_Bridge=Three Countries Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gifford_Covered_Bridge=Gifford Covered Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kingsbury_Covered_Bridge=Kingsbury Covered Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scarborough_Bridge=Scarborough Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baratashvili_Bridge=Baratashvili Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ananuri_Bridge=Ananuri Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tianjin_Grand_Bridge=Tianjin Grand Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kinbuck_Bridge=Kinbuck Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stony_Brook_Covered_Bridge=Stony Brook Covered Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Northfield_Falls_Covered_Bridge=Northfield Falls Covered Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Slaughter_House_Covered_Bridge=Slaughter House Covered Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lower_Cox_Brook_Covered_Bridge=Lower Cox Brook Covered Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Upper_Cox_Brook_Covered_Bridge=Upper Cox Brook Covered Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pine_Brook_Covered_Bridge=Pine Brook Covered Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kharkiv_Metro_Bridge=Kharkiv Metro Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cache_River_Bridge=Cache River Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Old_Rhine_Bridge_(Constance)=Old Rhine Bridge (Constance)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moltke_Bridge=Moltke Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Teston_Bridge=Teston Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sequin_Covered_Bridge=Sequin Covered Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Koshiji_Bridge=Koshiji Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_Hill_Covered_Bridge=West Hill Covered Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fuller_Covered_Bridge=Fuller Covered Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hutchins_Covered_Bridge=Hutchins Covered Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jersey_Bridge_(Cherrytree_Township,_Pennsylvania)=Jersey Bridge (Cherrytree Township, Pennsylvania)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beijing_Grand_Bridge=Beijing Grand Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Long-Sault_Bridge=Long-Sault Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oregon_Slough_Railroad_Bridge=Oregon Slough Railroad Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maungatapu_Bridge=Maungatapu Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jingyue_Yangtze_River_Bridge=Jingyue Yangtze River Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xupu_Bridge=Xupu Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ducharme_Bridge=Ducharme Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lake_Champlain_Bridge_(2011)=Lake Champlain Bridge (2011)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martholme_Viaduct=Martholme Viaduct
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Terenez_bridge=Terenez bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kinniya_Bridge=Kinniya Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Altenbeken_Viaduct=Altenbeken Viaduct
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sangupiddy_Bridge=Sangupiddy Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mannar_Bridge=Mannar Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rainbow_Bridge_(La_Conner,_Washington)=Rainbow Bridge (La Conner, Washington)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rock_O'_the_Range_Bridge=Rock O' the Range Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Senator_George_Sellar_Bridge=Senator George Sellar Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Columbia_River_Bridge_(Wenatchee,_Washington)=Columbia River Bridge (Wenatchee, Washington)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pont_de_Wandre=Pont de Wandre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jubilee_Bridge_(Queensferry)=Jubilee Bridge (Queensferry)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trent_Viaducts=Trent Viaducts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hengoed_Viaduct=Hengoed Viaduct
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Smaalenene_Bridge=Smaalenene Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hollandse_Brug=Hollandse Brug
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Santa_Cruz_Bridge=Santa Cruz Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sheely_Bridge=Sheely Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilks_Creek_Bridge=Wilks Creek Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gangai_Bridge=Gangai Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arippu_Bridge=Arippu Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kayankerni_Bridge=Kayankerni Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ralkuli_Bridge=Ralkuli Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Upparu_Bridge=Upparu Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fernbridge_(bridge)=Fernbridge (bridge)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Whitby_Swing_Bridge=Whitby Swing Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tappan_Zee_Bridge_replacement=Tappan Zee Bridge replacement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Media_City_Footbridge=Media City Footbridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karameh_Border_Crossing=Karameh Border Crossing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Victoria_Bridge,_Bath=Victoria Bridge, Bath
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sewells_Road_Bridge=Sewells Road Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Woronora_River_Bridge=Woronora River Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kutai_Kartanegara_Bridge=Kutai Kartanegara Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/16th_Avenue_Bailey_Bridge=16th Avenue Bailey Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Corporation_Street_Bridge=Corporation Street Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Skerton_Bridge=Skerton Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Point_Bridge_(Pittsburgh)=Point Bridge (Pittsburgh)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Donora-Monessen_Bridge=Donora-Monessen Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_Montrose_Covered_Bridge=West Montrose Covered Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Varda_Viaduct=Varda Viaduct
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Darnytskyi_Bridge=New Darnytskyi Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Healdsburg_Memorial_Bridge=Healdsburg Memorial Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walnut_Tree_Viaduct=Walnut Tree Viaduct
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lake_Shore_Drive_Bridge_(Michigan)=Lake Shore Drive Bridge (Michigan)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wye_Bridge,_Monmouth=Wye Bridge, Monmouth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eagle_River_Timber_Bridge=Eagle River Timber Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scammonden_Bridge=Scammonden Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reedham_Swing_Bridge=Reedham Swing Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Puente_de_la_Barqueta=Puente de la Barqueta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monmouth_Viaduct=Monmouth Viaduct
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dearborn_River_High_Bridge=Dearborn River High Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Podilsko-Voskresensky_Bridge=Podilsko-Voskresensky Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cherry_Street_lift_bridge=Cherry Street lift bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Westgate_Pedestrian_and_Cycle_Bridge=Westgate Pedestrian and Cycle Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hradecky_Bridge=Hradecky Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/East_Farleigh_Bridge=East Farleigh Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stone_Bridge_(Regensburg)=Stone Bridge (Regensburg)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Corby_Bridge=Corby Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ringsend_Bridge=Ringsend Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/London_Bridge_(Dublin)=London Bridge (Dublin)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bathampton_Toll_Bridge=Bathampton Toll Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chiniot_Bridge=Chiniot Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chund_Bridge=Chund Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Old_Wye_Bridge,_Chepstow=Old Wye Bridge, Chepstow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Bridge_(Dublin)=New Bridge (Dublin)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edong_Yangtze_River_Bridge=Edong Yangtze River Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clonskeagh_Bridge=Clonskeagh Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Milltown_Bridge=Milltown Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nine_Arches_Bridge=Nine Arches Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glendale-Hyperion_Bridge=Glendale-Hyperion Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fort_Steuben_Bridge=Fort Steuben Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Victoria_Bridge,_Manchester=Victoria Bridge, Manchester
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blackfriars_Bridge,_Manchester=Blackfriars Bridge, Manchester
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albert_Bridge,_Manchester=Albert Bridge, Manchester
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wulingshan_Bridge=Wulingshan Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dimuhe_River_Bridge=Dimuhe River Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Puli_Bridge=Puli Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liuchong_River_Bridge=Liuchong River Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Palatine_Bridge,_Salford=Palatine Bridge, Salford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Italia_Viaduct=Italia Viaduct
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kota_Chambal_Bridge=Kota Chambal Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jiangjiehe_Bridge=Jiangjiehe Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NX_Bridge=NX Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Azhihe_River_Bridge=Azhihe River Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/WR_Draw=WR Draw
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clawdd-du=Clawdd-du
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cala_Galdana_Bridge=Cala Galdana Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peacock's_Lock_Viaduct=Peacock's Lock Viaduct
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Malinghe_River_Bridge=Malinghe River Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Furong_River_Bridge=Furong River Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Assut_de_l'Or_Bridge=Assut de l'Or Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xisha_Bridge=Xisha Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fort_Edmonton_Footbridge=Fort Edmonton Footbridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zhuchanghe_River_Bridge=Zhuchanghe River Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Third_Bridge_over_Panama_Canal=Third Bridge over Panama Canal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jubilee_Bridge_(Innisfail)=Jubilee Bridge (Innisfail)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abetxuko_Bridge=Abetxuko Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GFRP_Lleida_Pedestrian_Bridge=GFRP Lleida Pedestrian Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Timber_bridge=Timber bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/River_Cart_Aqueduct=River Cart Aqueduct
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brecksville-Northfield_High_Level_Bridge=Brecksville-Northfield High Level Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grand_Narrows_Bridge=Grand Narrows Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Levensau_High_Bridge=Levensau High Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glaisnock_Viaduct=Glaisnock Viaduct
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bybee_Bridge=Bybee Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pawtucket_River_Bridge=Pawtucket River Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kallady_Bridge=Kallady Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dorchester_Bridge_(Quebec)=Dorchester Bridge (Quebec)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chelsea_Street_Bridge=Chelsea Street Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Providence_Viaduct=Providence Viaduct
http://dbpedia.org/resource/McFarlane_Bridge=McFarlane Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Otowi_Suspension_Bridge=Otowi Suspension Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miljana_Border_Bridge=Miljana Border Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PD_Draw=PD Draw
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chamravattom_Regulator-cum-Bridge=Chamravattom Regulator-cum-Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caledonian_Railway_Bridge=Caledonian Railway Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cameron_Suspension_Bridge=Cameron Suspension Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gervais_Street_Bridge=Gervais Street Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kylesku_Bridge=Kylesku Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pedestrian_bridge_(Osijek)=Pedestrian bridge (Osijek)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rosie_Hackett_Bridge=Rosie Hackett Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barton_Creek_Bridge=Barton Creek Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Newark_Drawbridge=Newark Drawbridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jackson_Street_Bridge=Jackson Street Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clay_Street_Bridge=Clay Street Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Loyn_Bridge=Loyn Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beardstown_Bridge=Beardstown Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blossomland_Bridge=Blossomland Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lyndhurst_Draw=Lyndhurst Draw
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Second_Street_Bridge_(Allegan,_Michigan)=Second Street Bridge (Allegan, Michigan)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trunk_Line_Bridge_No._237=Trunk Line Bridge No. 237
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chittenden_Memorial_Bridge=Chittenden Memorial Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phyllis_J._Tilley_Memorial_Bridge=Phyllis J. Tilley Memorial Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cheboygan_Bascule_Bridge=Cheboygan Bascule Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Avondale_Bridge_(Passaic_River)=Avondale Bridge (Passaic River)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pont_de_l'Iroise=Pont de l'Iroise
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fabiani_Bridge=Fabiani Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Labajin_Bridge=Labajin Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_DeFazio_Bridge=Peter DeFazio Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anqing_Yangtze_River_Bridge=Anqing Yangtze River Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tongling_Yangtze_River_Bridge=Tongling Yangtze River Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taiping_Lake_Bridge=Taiping Lake Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yuzui_Yangtze_River_Bridge=Yuzui Yangtze River Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wushan_Yangtze_River_Bridge=Wushan Yangtze River Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daning_River_Bridge=Daning River Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Osteen_Bridge=Osteen Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Belleville_Turnpike_Bridge=Belleville Turnpike Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Second_Wanzhou_Yangtze_River_Bridge=Second Wanzhou Yangtze River Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wanzhou_Railway_Bridge=Wanzhou Railway Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zhongxian_Yangtze_River_Bridge=Zhongxian Yangtze River Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zhongzhou_Yangtze_River_Bridge=Zhongzhou Yangtze River Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fengjie_Yangtze_River_Bridge=Fengjie Yangtze River Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meixi_River_Expressway_Bridge=Meixi River Expressway Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hanjiatuo_Yangtze_River_Bridge=Hanjiatuo Yangtze River Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shiban'gou_Yangtze_River_Bridge=Shiban'gou Yangtze River Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fuling_Yangtze_River_Bridge=Fuling Yangtze River Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lidu_Yangtze_River_Bridge=Lidu Yangtze River Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fuling_Arch_Bridge=Fuling Arch Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Point_Street_Bridge=Point Street Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fuling_Wujiang_Bridge=Fuling Wujiang Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dicle_Bridge=Dicle Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Changshou_Yangtze_River_Bridge=Changshou Yangtze River Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Changshou_Yangtze_River_Railway_Bridge=Changshou Yangtze River Railway Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hackensack_Drawbridge=Hackensack Drawbridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dafosi_Bridge=Dafosi Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Yamuna_Bridge,_Allahabad=New Yamuna Bridge, Allahabad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shibanpo_Yangtze_River_Bridge=Shibanpo Yangtze River Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caiyuanba_Bridge=Caiyuanba Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lijiatuo_Yangtze_River_Bridge=Lijiatuo Yangtze River Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Masangxi_Bridge=Masangxi Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yudong_Yangtze_River_Bridge=Yudong Yangtze River Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baishatuo_Yangtze_River_Railway_Bridge=Baishatuo Yangtze River Railway Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diwei_Bridge=Diwei Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guanyinyan_Bridge=Guanyinyan Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Qingzhou_Min_River_Bridge=Qingzhou Min River Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zhongshan_Bridge=Zhongshan Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Winant_Avenue_Bridge=Winant Avenue Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gaunless_Bridge=Gaunless Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zhanjiang_Bay_Bridge=Zhanjiang Bay Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vignoles_Bridge=Vignoles Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zolotoy_Bridge=Zolotoy Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xinguang_Bridge=Xinguang Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yajisha_Bridge=Yajisha Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hedong_Bridge=Hedong Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Court_Street_Bridge_(Hackensack_River)=Court Street Bridge (Hackensack River)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pingsheng_Bridge=Pingsheng Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Qi'ao_Bridge=Qi'ao Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Noordin_Bridge=Noordin Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Malacca_Coastal_Bridge=Malacca Coastal Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dongpingshuidao_Bridge=Dongpingshuidao Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vimy_Memorial_Bridge=Vimy Memorial Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chester_New_Bridge=Chester New Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacob's_Creek_Bridge_(Pennsylvania)=Jacob's Creek Bridge (Pennsylvania)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bell_Road_Bridge=Bell Road Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Delhi_Bridge=Delhi Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Portumna_bridge=Portumna bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buntun_Bridge=Buntun Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Weaverland_Bridge=Weaverland Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xixi_Bridge=Xixi Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lincoln_Highway_Hackensack_River_Bridge=Lincoln Highway Hackensack River Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philadelphia,_Wilmington_and_Baltimore_Railroad_Bridge_No._1=Philadelphia, Wilmington and Baltimore Railroad Bridge No. 1
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jonava_Bridge=Jonava Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taurosta_Bridge=Taurosta Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zunyi_Bridge=Zunyi Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wujiang_Viaduct=Wujiang Viaduct
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luojiao_River_Bridge=Luojiao River Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hutiaohe_Bridge=Hutiaohe Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yangmingtan_Bridge=Yangmingtan Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lincoln_Highway_Passaic_River_Bridge=Lincoln Highway Passaic River Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keane_bridge=Keane bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Singing_Bridge=Singing Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/War_Mothers_Memorial_Bridge=War Mothers Memorial Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cambridge_Main_Street_Bridge=Cambridge Main Street Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Market_Street_Bridge_(Clearfield,_Pennsylvania)=Market Street Bridge (Clearfield, Pennsylvania)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Governor's_Bridge_(Patuxent_River)=Governor's Bridge (Patuxent River)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guozigoui_Bridge=Guozigoui Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ikitsuki_Bridge=Ikitsuki Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Badong_Yangtze_River_Bridge=Badong Yangtze River Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Upper_Twin_Falls_Bridge=Upper Twin Falls Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Queen_Anne_Bridge=Queen Anne Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jalan_Kinabalu_Flyover=Jalan Kinabalu Flyover
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sultan_Ahmad_Shah_III_Bridge=Sultan Ahmad Shah III Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lake_Shore_and_Michigan_Southern_Railway,_Bridge_No._6=Lake Shore and Michigan Southern Railway, Bridge No. 6
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Envigado_bridge=Envigado bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Esperanto_Bridge=Esperanto Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yichang_Yangtze_River_Railway_Bridge=Yichang Yangtze River Railway Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flint_Covered_Bridge=Flint Covered Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yunyang_Yangtze_River_Bridge=Yunyang Yangtze River Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Triplets_bridges=The Triplets bridges
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Algebuckina_Bridge=Algebuckina Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zuari_Bridge=Zuari Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sharavati_Bridge=Sharavati Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sant_Boi_Bridge=Sant Boi Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Old_Naini_Bridge=Old Naini Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seafarers_Bridge=Seafarers Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zhicheng_Yangtze_River_Bridge=Zhicheng Yangtze River Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jingzhou_Yangtze_River_Bridge=Jingzhou Yangtze River Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wuhan_Junshan_Yangtze_River_Bridge=Wuhan Junshan Yangtze River Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Linsum_Bridge=Linsum Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/High_Speed_Railway_Bridge_over_AP7,_Llinars_del_Valles=High Speed Railway Bridge over AP7, Llinars del Valles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sant_Feliu_Pedestrian_Bridge=Sant Feliu Pedestrian Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vilafant_Bridge=Vilafant Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Young's_High_Bridge=Young's High Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fingle_Bridge=Fingle Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sixth_Street_Bridge_(Grand_Rapids,_Michigan)=Sixth Street Bridge (Grand Rapids, Michigan)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mkapa_Bridge=Mkapa Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wami_Bridge=Wami Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Ruvu_Bridge=New Ruvu Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kilombero_Bridge=Kilombero Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kikwete_Bridge=Kikwete Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Selander_Bridge=Selander Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Armando_Emilio_Guebuza_Bridge=Armando Emilio Guebuza Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mozambique_Island_Bridge=Mozambique Island Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benga_Bridge=Benga Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lion_Bridge=Lion Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cheshire_Bridge_(Connecticut_River)=Cheshire Bridge (Connecticut River)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Erqi_Yangtze_River_Bridge=Erqi Yangtze River Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kyaka_Bridge=Kyaka Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rusumo_Bridge=Rusumo Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rusumo_International_Bridge=Rusumo International Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Songwe_Bridge=Songwe Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rosedale_Valley_Bridge=Rosedale Valley Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mbutu_Bridge=Mbutu Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sibiti_Bridge=Sibiti Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nandu_River_Iron_Bridge=Nandu River Iron Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Qiongzhou_Bridge=Qiongzhou Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Art_Bridge=Art Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ehuang_Yangtze_River_Bridge=Ehuang Yangtze River Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Huangshi_Yangtze_River_Bridge=Huangshi Yangtze River Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jiujiang_Yangtze_River_Expressway_Bridge=Jiujiang Yangtze River Expressway Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boston_Esplanade_Pedestrian_Bridge=Boston Esplanade Pedestrian Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lanang_Bridge=Lanang Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Batang_Mukah_Bridge=Batang Mukah Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beaufort_Bridge=Beaufort Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sitompok_Bridge=Sitompok Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Davtashen_Bridge=Davtashen Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dashengguan_Yangtze_River_Bridge=Dashengguan Yangtze River Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Great_Bridge_of_Hrazdan=Great Bridge of Hrazdan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hrazdan_Gorge_Aqueduct=Hrazdan Gorge Aqueduct
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Windsor_Bridge_(New_South_Wales)=Windsor Bridge (New South Wales)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Menangle_Railway_Bridge=Menangle Railway Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nashipur_Rail_Bridge=Nashipur Rail Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Second_Nanjing_Yangtze_Bridge=Second Nanjing Yangtze Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fourth_Nanjing_Yangtze_Bridge=Fourth Nanjing Yangtze Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Port_Columbus_Airport_Crossover_Taxiway_Bridge=Port Columbus Airport Crossover Taxiway Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Durin_Bridge=Durin Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cameron_Street_Bridge=Cameron Street Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I-5_Skagit_River_Bridge_collapse=I-5 Skagit River Bridge collapse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Craig_Memorial_Bridge=Robert Craig Memorial Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bogibeel_Bridge=Bogibeel Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ponte_d'Augusto_(Narni)=Ponte d'Augusto (Narni)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dufferin_Street_bridges=Dufferin Street bridges
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tresfjord_Bridge=Tresfjord Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Selat_Lumut-SKVE_Bridge=Selat Lumut-SKVE Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jiaxing-Shaoxing_Sea_Bridge=Jiaxing-Shaoxing Sea Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anqing_Yangtze_River_Railway_Bridge=Anqing Yangtze River Railway Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thondamannar_Bridge=Thondamannar Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lishui_River_Bridge=Lishui River Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yingwuzhou_Yangtze_River_Bridge=Yingwuzhou Yangtze River Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dinkey_Creek_Bridge=Dinkey Creek Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chatrapati_Shivaji_Maharaj_Bridge_Nashik=Chatrapati Shivaji Maharaj Bridge Nashik
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elgin_Bridge_(Barabanki)=Elgin Bridge (Barabanki)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beaver_Bridge_(Arkansas)=Beaver Bridge (Arkansas)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nanxi_Bridge=Nanxi Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bosideng_Bridge=Bosideng Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cataract_Falls_Covered_Bridge=Cataract Falls Covered Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hejiang_Bridge=Hejiang Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SkyWalk=SkyWalk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/East_Bloomsburg_Bridge=East Bloomsburg Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Haus-Knipp_railway_bridge=Haus-Knipp railway bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tuscarora_Creek_(Monocacy_River)_bridge=Tuscarora Creek (Monocacy River) bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Little_Pipe_Creek_bridge_and_viaduct=Little Pipe Creek bridge and viaduct
http://dbpedia.org/resource/White_River_Bridge_at_Elkins=White River Bridge at Elkins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monocacy_River_bridge_and_viaduct=Monocacy River bridge and viaduct
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bukit_Putus_Viaduct=Bukit Putus Viaduct
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lojing_Viaduct=Lojing Viaduct
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paluh_Hinai_Bridge=Paluh Hinai Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Endau_Bridge=Endau Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kota_Tinggi_Second_Bridge=Kota Tinggi Second Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kota_Bridge,_Klang=Kota Bridge, Klang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ponte_Duca_d'Aosta=Ponte Duca d'Aosta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hamish_Hay_Bridge=Hamish Hay Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Banting_Bridge=Banting Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ponte_del_Risorgimento=Ponte del Risorgimento
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keppel_Bay_Bridge=Keppel Bay Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ponte_Giacomo_Matteotti=Ponte Giacomo Matteotti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Breydon_Bridge=Breydon Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SAFTI_Link_Bridge=SAFTI Link Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thornes_Bridge=Thornes Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Douvenant_Viaduct=Douvenant Viaduct
http://dbpedia.org/resource/San_Luis_Bridge=San Luis Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Knickerbocker_Bicycle_Bridge=Knickerbocker Bicycle Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dave_and_Lynn_Frohnmayer_Pedestrian_and_Bicycle_Bridge=Dave and Lynn Frohnmayer Pedestrian and Bicycle Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hanuman_River_Railway_bridge=Hanuman River Railway bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nong_Pling_Bridge=Nong Pling Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chakri_Railway_bridge=Chakri Railway bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chulalongkorn_Bridge=Chulalongkorn Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guang_River_Railway_bridge=Guang River Railway bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grand_Street_Bridge=Grand Street Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guillemard_Bridge=Guillemard Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tanah_Merah_Bridge=Tanah Merah Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pedestrian_Bridge_over_Segre_River=Pedestrian Bridge over Segre River
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Duvall_Bridge_(Laurel,_Maryland)=Duvall Bridge (Laurel, Maryland)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maurzyce_Bridge=Maurzyce Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atamurat-Kerkichi_Bridge=Atamurat-Kerkichi Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_V._Voinovich_Bridges=George V. Voinovich Bridges
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jade's_Crossing=Jade's Crossing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Natural_Pier_Bridge=Natural Pier Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xiamen_Zhangzhou_Bridge=Xiamen Zhangzhou Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yadkin_River_Veterans_Memorial_Bridge=Yadkin River Veterans Memorial Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wil-Cox_Bridge=Wil-Cox Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Killaloe_Bridge=Killaloe Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hamm_Railway_Bridge=Hamm Railway Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clackline_Bridge=Clackline Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/South_Bridge_(Cologne)=South Bridge (Cologne)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shallowford_Bridge=Shallowford Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fengyu_Bridge=Fengyu Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Snell's_Bridge=Snell's Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xianshen_River_Bridge=Xianshen River Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pandaruan_Bridge=Pandaruan Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dingshan_Bridge=Dingshan Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Macquarie_Culvert=Macquarie Culvert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liaohe_Bridge=Liaohe Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maguo_River_Bridge=Maguo River Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aciliu_Viaduct=Aciliu Viaduct
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Warden_Bridge=Warden Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Haydon_Bridge_Viaduct=Haydon Bridge Viaduct
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Haydon_Bridge=New Haydon Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Old_Haydon_Bridge=Old Haydon Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lipwood_Railway_Bridge=Lipwood Railway Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ridley_Railway_Bridge=Ridley Railway Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Millhouse_Bridge=Millhouse Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Herschel_Lovett_Bridge=Herschel Lovett Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ashton_Avenue_Bridge=Ashton Avenue Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crossman_Bridge=Crossman Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Forth_Bridge=Forth Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pleasure_Beach_Bridge=Pleasure Beach Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Congress_Street_Bridge_(Connecticut)=Congress Street Bridge (Connecticut)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/East_Washington_Avenue_Bridge=East Washington Avenue Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bridge_over_Institute_Street=Bridge over Institute Street
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ponte_Regina_Margherita=Ponte Regina Margherita
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kyle_of_Tongue_Bridge=Kyle of Tongue Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kuala_Berang_Bridge=Kuala Berang Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Golden_Horn_Metro_Bridge=Golden Horn Metro Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fargo-Moorhead_Toll_Bridge=Fargo-Moorhead Toll Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pensford_Viaduct=Pensford Viaduct
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ponte_Umberto_I=Ponte Umberto I
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barrack_Street_Bridge=Barrack Street Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oddamavadi_Bridge=Oddamavadi Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sungai_Kebun_Bridge=Sungai Kebun Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grand_Street_Bridge_(Connecticut)=Grand Street Bridge (Connecticut)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ponte_Principe_Amedeo_Savoia_Aosta=Ponte Principe Amedeo Savoia Aosta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lekki-Ikoyi_Link_Bridge=Lekki-Ikoyi Link Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sand_Bar_Ferry_Bridge=Sand Bar Ferry Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CSX_Chef_Menteur_Pass_Bridge=CSX Chef Menteur Pass Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gamla_bron=Gamla bron
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meldon_Viaduct=Meldon Viaduct
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manmunai_Bridge=Manmunai Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sloans_Ferry_Bridge=Sloans Ferry Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tegsbron=Tegsbron
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nissibi_Euphrates_Bridge=Nissibi Euphrates Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ripson_Bridge=Ripson Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Longford_Railway_Bridge=Longford Railway Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cartland_Bridge=Cartland Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Northern_Railway_Bridge=Northern Railway Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bridge_of_Isabel_II=Bridge of Isabel II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/San_Juan_River_Bridge=San Juan River Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pupin_Bridge=Pupin Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ponte_Giuseppe_Mazzini=Ponte Giuseppe Mazzini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Continental_Avenue_Bridge=Continental Avenue Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ponte_Garibaldi=Ponte Garibaldi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_Suspension_Bridge=Black Suspension Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ponte_Palatino=Ponte Palatino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ponte_Testaccio=Ponte Testaccio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Al-Qa'im_border_crossing=Al-Qa'im border crossing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bukit_Kuang_Bridge=Bukit Kuang Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ponte_Punta_Penna_Pizzone=Ponte Punta Penna Pizzone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xiangshan_Harbor_Bridge=Xiangshan Harbor Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cheong_poong_bridge=Cheong poong bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ravning_Bridge=Ravning Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manwel_Dimech_Bridge=Manwel Dimech Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mousemill_Bridge=Mousemill Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eckington_Bridge=Eckington Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diamond_Jubilee_Footbridge=Diamond Jubilee Footbridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Dunn_Bridge=John Dunn Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dodhara_Chandani_Bridge=Dodhara Chandani Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tsakona_Arch_Bridge=Tsakona Arch Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Malagonlong_Bridge=Malagonlong Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kuala_Linggi_Bridge=Kuala Linggi Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Morar_Railway_Viaduct=Morar Railway Viaduct
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Callicoon_Bridge=Callicoon Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luggie_Aqueduct=Luggie Aqueduct
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Victoria_Swing_Bridge=Victoria Swing Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Newbattle_Viaduct=Newbattle Viaduct
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glen_Loy_Aqueduct=Glen Loy Aqueduct
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Avon_Viaduct=Avon Viaduct
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Haji_Mohd_Lazim_Bridge=Haji Mohd Lazim Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coat_of_Arms_Bridge=Coat of Arms Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dinting_Viaduct=Dinting Viaduct
http://dbpedia.org/resource/EG_LNG_Pipeline_Suspension_Bridge=EG LNG Pipeline Suspension Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Long_Island_Viaduct=Long Island Viaduct
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Landacre_Bridge=Landacre Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kierbedzia_Bridge=Kierbedzia Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Citadel_Rail_Bridge=Citadel Rail Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pancer_Viaduct=Pancer Viaduct
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Celtic_Gateway=The Celtic Gateway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Santa_Quiteria_Bridge=Santa Quiteria Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Banagher_bridge=Banagher bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/White_Cart_Bridge=White Cart Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sigismund_Augustus_Bridge=Sigismund Augustus Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/16th_Street_Bridge_(Washington,_D.C.)=16th Street Bridge (Washington, D.C.)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mystic_River_Railroad_Bridge_(Connecticut)=Mystic River Railroad Bridge (Connecticut)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peak_Walk=Peak Walk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bradford_Bridge=Bradford Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Living_Bridge=The Living Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/General_Stefan_%22Grot%22_Rowecki_Bridge=General Stefan "Grot" Rowecki Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_B._Garrison_Bridge=James B. Garrison Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Troja_Bridge=Troja Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johnston_Street_Bridge=Johnston Street Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hanging_Bridge_at_Chekaguda,_Rayagada=Hanging Bridge at Chekaguda, Rayagada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kangaroo_Point_Bridge=Kangaroo Point Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mabini_Bridge=Mabini Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yachi_River_Bridge=Yachi River Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Qingshui_River_Bridge=Qingshui River Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ponte_della_Vittoria,_Pisa=Ponte della Vittoria, Pisa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taku_Bridge=Taku Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isleton_Bridge=Isleton Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ramsey_Harbour_Swing_Bridge=Ramsey Harbour Swing Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Garratt_Road_Bridge=Garratt Road Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Longjiang_Bridge=Longjiang Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pill_Bridge=Pill Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Najiehe_Railway_Bridge=Najiehe Railway Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Loch_nan_Uamh_Viaduct=Loch nan Uamh Viaduct
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Borrodale_Viaduct=Borrodale Viaduct
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sluggan_Bridge=Sluggan Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arnabol_Viaduct=Arnabol Viaduct
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Duge_Bridge=Duge Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Qinglong_Railway_Bridge=Qinglong Railway Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Larichmore_Viaduct=Larichmore Viaduct
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Banavie_Swing_Bridge=Banavie Swing Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Banavie_Railway_Swing_Bridge=Banavie Railway Swing Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Creag-an-Arnain_Viaduct=Creag-an-Arnain Viaduct
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Neak_Loeung_Bridge=Neak Loeung Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Broomhill_Bridge=Broomhill Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shin_Railway_Viaduct=Shin Railway Viaduct
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luding_Yaye_Expressway_Bridge=Luding Yaye Expressway Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Falls_of_Cruachan_Railway_Viaduct=Falls of Cruachan Railway Viaduct
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lancang_River_Railway_Bridge=Lancang River Railway Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zongqihe_Bridge=Zongqihe Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fshajt_Bridge=Fshajt Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yachi_Railway_Bridge=Yachi Railway Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Telescopic_Bridge,_Bridgwater=Telescopic Bridge, Bridgwater
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Puente_de_Occidente=Puente de Occidente
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Allen_Street_Bridge_disaster=Allen Street Bridge disaster
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gueuroz_Bridge=Gueuroz Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Youngs_Bay_Bridge=New Youngs Bay Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leamington_Lift_Bridge=Leamington Lift Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Plaka_Bridge=Plaka Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Skjeggestad_Bridge=Skjeggestad Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adams_Covered_Bridge,_Indiana=Adams Covered Bridge, Indiana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Golden_Gate_Bridge=Golden Gate Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mackinac_Bridge=Mackinac Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ponte_Vecchio=Ponte Vecchio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sydney_Harbour_Bridge=Sydney Harbour Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leonard_P._Zakim_Bunker_Hill_Memorial_Bridge=Leonard P. Zakim Bunker Hill Memorial Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Great_Belt_Fixed_Link=Great Belt Fixed Link
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brooklyn_Bridge=Brooklyn Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baumgardener's_Covered_Bridge=Baumgardener's Covered Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bitzer's_Mill_Covered_Bridge=Bitzer's Mill Covered Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bucher's_Mill_Covered_Bridge=Bucher's Mill Covered Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colemanville_Covered_Bridge=Colemanville Covered Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Herr's_Mill_Covered_Bridge=Herr's Mill Covered Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Forry's_Mill_Covered_Bridge=Forry's Mill Covered Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kauffman's_Distillery_Covered_Bridge=Kauffman's Distillery Covered Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keller's_Mill_Covered_Bridge=Keller's Mill Covered Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jackson's_Sawmill_Covered_Bridge=Jackson's Sawmill Covered Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hunsecker's_Mill_Covered_Bridge=Hunsecker's Mill Covered Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Schenck's_Mill_Covered_Bridge=Schenck's Mill Covered Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Landis_Mill_Covered_Bridge=Landis Mill Covered Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mercer's_Mill_Covered_Bridge=Mercer's Mill Covered Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leaman's_Place_Covered_Bridge=Leaman's Place Covered Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Neff's_Mill_Covered_Bridge=Neff's Mill Covered Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Siegrist's_Mill_Covered_Bridge=Siegrist's Mill Covered Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pinetown_Bushong's_Mill_Covered_Bridge=Pinetown Bushong's Mill Covered Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zook's_Mill_Covered_Bridge=Zook's Mill Covered Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/White_Rock_Forge_Covered_Bridge=White Rock Forge Covered Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pine_Grove_Covered_Bridge=Pine Grove Covered Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Weaver's_Mill_Covered_Bridge=Weaver's Mill Covered Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Willow_Hill_Covered_Bridge=Willow Hill Covered Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shearer's_Covered_Bridge=Shearer's Covered Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pool_Forge_Covered_Bridge=Pool Forge Covered Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Red_Run_Covered_Bridge=Red Run Covered Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tsing_Ma_Bridge=Tsing Ma Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clifton_Suspension_Bridge=Clifton Suspension Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harvard_Bridge=Harvard Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Forth_Road_Bridge=Forth Road Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tamar_Bridge=Tamar Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Humber_Bridge=Humber Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Story_Bridge=Story Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goodwill_Bridge=Goodwill Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Jolly_Bridge=William Jolly Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Victoria_Bridge,_Brisbane=Victoria Bridge, Brisbane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albert_Bridge,_Brisbane=Albert Bridge, Brisbane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walter_Taylor_Bridge=Walter Taylor Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Merivale_Bridge=Merivale Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Washington_Bridge=George Washington Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack_Pesch_Bridge=Jack Pesch Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pont_du_Gard=Pont du Gard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Confederation_Bridge=Confederation Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ambassador_Bridge=Ambassador Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Throgs_Neck_Bridge=Throgs Neck Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_River_Gorge_Bridge=New River Gorge Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Second_Severn_Crossing=Second Severn Crossing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Darlington's_Bridge_at_Delaware_Station=Darlington's Bridge at Delaware Station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goethals_Bridge=Goethals Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Triborough_Bridge=Triborough Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tacoma_Narrows_Bridge_(1940)=Tacoma Narrows Bridge (1940)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tinsley_Viaduct=Tinsley Viaduct
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pont_Neuf=Pont Neuf
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hell_Gate_Bridge=Hell Gate Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vauxhall_Bridge=Vauxhall Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hammersmith_Bridge=Hammersmith Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Battersea_Bridge=Battersea Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Southwark_Bridge=Southwark Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Waterloo_Bridge=Waterloo Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Westminster_Bridge=Westminster Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prince_Edward_Viaduct=Prince Edward Viaduct
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hungerford_Bridge_and_Golden_Jubilee_Bridges=Hungerford Bridge and Golden Jubilee Bridges
http://dbpedia.org/resource/East-Link_(Dublin)=East-Link (Dublin)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ha'penny_Bridge=Ha'penny Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manhattan_Bridge=Manhattan Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pulaski_Skyway=Pulaski Skyway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Susitna_River=Susitna River
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bayonne_Bridge=Bayonne Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dames_Point_Bridge=Dames Point Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cross_Bay_Veterans_Memorial_Bridge=Cross Bay Veterans Memorial Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gerrard_Street_(Toronto)=Gerrard Street (Toronto)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blue_Water_Bridge=Blue Water Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/14th_Street_Bridge_(Potomac_River)=14th Street Bridge (Potomac River)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Driscoll_Bridge=Driscoll Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierre_Laporte_Bridge=Pierre Laporte Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Bridge=Charles Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacques_Cartier_Bridge=Jacques Cartier Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Little_Belt_Bridge=Little Belt Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chelsea_Bridge=Chelsea Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Evergreen_Point_Floating_Bridge=Evergreen Point Floating Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sunshine_Skyway_Bridge=Sunshine Skyway Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blue_Wonder=Blue Wonder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stan_Musial_Veterans_Memorial_Bridge=Stan Musial Veterans Memorial Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Auckland_Harbour_Bridge=Auckland Harbour Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Menai_Suspension_Bridge=Menai Suspension Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Millau_Viaduct=Millau Viaduct
http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_Gate_Bridge=West Gate Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sundial_Bridge_at_Turtle_Bay=Sundial Bridge at Turtle Bay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Betsy_Ross_Bridge=Betsy Ross Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Commodore_Barry_Bridge=Commodore Barry Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Longfellow_Bridge=Longfellow Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buckman_Bridge=Buckman Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Galata_Bridge=Galata Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Portage_Lake_Lift_Bridge=Portage Lake Lift Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Queensborough_Bridge=Queensborough Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tappan_Zee_Bridge=Tappan Zee Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_Bridge_(Seattle)=University Bridge (Seattle)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ballard_Bridge=Ballard Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Woodrow_Wilson_Bridge=Woodrow Wilson Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alaskan_Way_Viaduct=Alaskan Way Viaduct
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Garabit_viaduct=Garabit viaduct
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vasco_da_Gama_Bridge=Vasco da Gama Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lake_Pontchartrain_Causeway=Lake Pontchartrain Causeway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Severan_Bridge=Severan Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clun_Bridge=Clun Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abernethy_Bridge=Abernethy Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oregon_City_Bridge=Oregon City Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seven_Mile_Bridge=Seven Mile Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trinity_Bridge,_Crowland=Trinity Bridge, Crowland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mystic_River_Bascule_Bridge=Mystic River Bascule Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chesapeake_Bay_Bridge=Chesapeake Bay Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hangzhou_Bay_Bridge=Hangzhou Bay Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chain_Bridge_(Budapest)=Chain Bridge (Budapest)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Acosta_Bridge=Acosta Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johnson_Street_Bridge=Johnson Street Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Conde_McCullough_Memorial_Bridge=Conde McCullough Memorial Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ouse_Bridge=Ouse Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/West-Link=West-Link
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tobin_Bridge=Tobin Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bridge_of_the_Gods_(modern_structure)=Bridge of the Gods (modern structure)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hornibrook_Bridge=Hornibrook Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Houghton_Highway=Houghton Highway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Main_Street_Bridge_(Jacksonville)=Main Street Bridge (Jacksonville)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trajan's_Bridge=Trajan's Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pont_des_Arts=Pont des Arts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pelham_Bridge=Pelham Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jackknife_Bascule_Bridge=Jackknife Bascule Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kocher_Viaduct=Kocher Viaduct
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Koersch_Viaduct=Koersch Viaduct
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_E._Lee_Memorial_Bridge=Robert E. Lee Memorial Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boyne_Viaduct=Boyne Viaduct
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francis_Scott_Key_Bridge_(Baltimore)=Francis Scott Key Bridge (Baltimore)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Overseas_Highway=Overseas Highway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Puente_de_la_Mujer=Puente de la Mujer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Street_Bridge,_Newport=George Street Bridge, Newport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/25_de_Abril_Bridge=25 de Abril Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benjamin_Harrison_Memorial_Bridge=Benjamin Harrison Memorial Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karni_crossing=Karni crossing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Puente_del_Alamillo=Puente del Alamillo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dongting_Lake_Bridge=Dongting Lake Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monnow_Bridge=Monnow Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Talbot_Memorial_Bridge=Talbot Memorial Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glenfinnan_Viaduct=Glenfinnan Viaduct
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carquinez_Bridge=Carquinez Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antioch_Bridge=Antioch Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vincent_Thomas_Bridge=Vincent Thomas Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theodore_Roosevelt_Bridge=Theodore Roosevelt Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dalles_Bridge=The Dalles Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Berkley_Bridge_(Virginia)=Berkley Bridge (Virginia)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wicker_Arches=Wicker Arches
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pont_de_Normandie=Pont de Normandie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chain_of_Rocks_Bridge=Chain of Rocks Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Triple_Bridge=Triple Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Collins_Bridge=Collins Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tees_Barrage=Tees Barrage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blue_Bridge_(Oregon)=Blue Bridge (Oregon)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grand_River_Bridge_(Ontario)=Grand River Bridge (Ontario)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pyrmont_Bridge=Pyrmont Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kap_Shui_Mun_Bridge=Kap Shui Mun Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Howrah_Bridge=Howrah Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vivekananda_Setu=Vivekananda Setu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/San_Juanico_Bridge=San Juanico Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hampton_Bridge=Hampton Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Joyce_Bridge=James Joyce Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_I._Bong_Memorial_Bridge=Richard I. Bong Memorial Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Loopline_Bridge=Loopline Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frank_Sherwin_Bridge=Frank Sherwin Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Butt_Bridge=Butt Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mellows_Bridge=Mellows Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Father_Mathew_Bridge=Father Mathew Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Skybridge_(TransLink)=Skybridge (TransLink)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hockley_Railway_Viaduct=Hockley Railway Viaduct
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ryde_Bridge=Ryde Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jamestown_Verrazzano_Bridge=Jamestown Verrazzano Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jamestown_Bridge=Jamestown Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Burrard_Bridge=Burrard Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henderson_Bridge_(Rhode_Island)=Henderson Bridge (Rhode Island)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benjamin_Sheares_Bridge=Benjamin Sheares Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Westham_Island_Bridge=Westham Island Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Capilano_Suspension_Bridge=Capilano Suspension Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Granville_Street_Bridge=Granville Street Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Warrington_Transporter_Bridge=Warrington Transporter Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Widnes-Runcorn_Transporter_Bridge=Widnes-Runcorn Transporter Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roosevelt_Bridge_(Florida)=Roosevelt Bridge (Florida)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Perrine's_Bridge=Perrine's Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frederick_Douglass_Memorial_Bridge=Frederick Douglass Memorial Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Plougastel_Bridge=Plougastel Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cambie_Bridge=Cambie Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Butt_Memorial_Bridge=Butt Memorial Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oak_Street_Bridge=Oak Street Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prince_of_Wales_Bridge=Prince of Wales Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ponte_Milvio=Ponte Milvio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fair_Oaks_Bridge=Fair Oaks Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silas_N._Pearman_Bridge=Silas N. Pearman Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jefferson_Barracks_Bridge=Jefferson Barracks Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Normand_Edward_Fontaine_Bridge=Normand Edward Fontaine Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Calvin_Coolidge_Bridge=Calvin Coolidge Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crescent_City_Connection=Crescent City Connection
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Al-Aaimmah_bridge=Al-Aaimmah bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roberto_Clemente_Bridge=Roberto Clemente Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lower_Trenton_Bridge=Lower Trenton Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hood_River_Bridge=Hood River Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sortland_Bridge=Sortland Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hadsel_Bridge=Hadsel Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kvalsaukan_Bridge=Kvalsaukan Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Djupfjordstraumen_Bridge=Djupfjordstraumen Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sundklakkstraumen_Bridge=Sundklakkstraumen Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Drammen_Bridge=Drammen Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nordhordland_Bridge=Nordhordland Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sannesund_Bridge=Sannesund Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gjemnessund_Bridge=Gjemnessund Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Queen_Street_Viaduct=Queen Street Viaduct
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Old_Eastern_Avenue_Bridge=Old Eastern Avenue Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sandnessund_Bridge=Sandnessund Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glover_Cary_Bridge=Glover Cary Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gisund_Bridge=Gisund Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stord_Bridge=Stord Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Helgeland_Bridge=Helgeland Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rombak_Bridge=Rombak Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Skjomen_Bridge=Skjomen Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beisfjord_Bridge=Beisfjord Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cropredy_Bridge=Cropredy Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trengsel_Bridge=Trengsel Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Efjord_Bridges=Efjord Bridges
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sami_Bridge=Sami Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ramsund_Bridge=Ramsund Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fredvang_Bridges=Fredvang Bridges
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saltstraumen_Bridge=Saltstraumen Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lokkaren_Bridge=Lokkaren Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strelasund_Crossing=Strelasund Crossing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hoholmen_Bridge=Hoholmen Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brattsund_Bridge=Brattsund Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indre_Sunnan_Bridge=Indre Sunnan Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Smines_Bridge=Smines Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sneppen_Bridge=Sneppen Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aursund_Bridge=Aursund Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mjosund_Bridge=Mjosund Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Omsund_Bridge=Omsund Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nordsund_Bridge_(Kristiansund)=Nordsund Bridge (Kristiansund)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Storseisundet_Bridge=Storseisundet Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dromnessund_Bridge=Dromnessund Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Midsund_Bridge=Midsund Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Skodje_Bridge=Skodje Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giske_Bridge=Giske Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ullasund_Bridge=Ullasund Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sykkylven_Bridge=Sykkylven Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norddalsfjord_Bridge=Norddalsfjord Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_Seattle_Bridge=West Seattle Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_Hamilton_Bridge=Alexander Hamilton Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Washington_Bridge=Washington Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Iron_Bridge=The Iron Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ponte_Sant'Angelo=Ponte Sant'Angelo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pont_Alexandre_III=Pont Alexandre III
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Archie_Stevenot_Bridge=Archie Stevenot Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daniel_Carter_Beard_Bridge=Daniel Carter Beard Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gandy_Bridge=Gandy Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Four_Bears_Bridge=Four Bears Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lapstone_Zig_Zag=Lapstone Zig Zag
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rocky_Creek_Bridge_(California)=Rocky Creek Bridge (California)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wandsworth_Bridge=Wandsworth Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hammersmith_flyover=Hammersmith flyover
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alvord_Lake_Bridge=Alvord Lake Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Suramadu_Bridge=Suramadu Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seal_Island_Bridge=Seal Island Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Card_Sound_Bridge=Card Sound Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lewisville_Lake_Toll_Bridge=Lewisville Lake Toll Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keystone_Wye=Keystone Wye
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fehmarn_Belt_Fixed_Link=Fehmarn Belt Fixed Link
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bridge_to_Nowhere_(New_Zealand)=Bridge to Nowhere (New Zealand)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fort_Duquesne_Bridge=Fort Duquesne Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gravina_Island_Bridge=Gravina Island Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/11th_Street_Bridges=11th Street Bridges
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fred_Hartman_Bridge=Fred Hartman Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yokohama_Bay_Bridge=Yokohama Bay Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cavenagh_Bridge=Cavenagh Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Treasure_Island_Causeway=Treasure Island Causeway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elgin_Bridge_(Singapore)=Elgin Bridge (Singapore)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Poughkeepsie_Bridge=Poughkeepsie Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Surgut_Bridge=Surgut Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anderson_Bridge=Anderson Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bulkeley_Bridge=Bulkeley Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edison_Bridge_(New_Jersey)=Edison Bridge (New Jersey)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MacArthur_Causeway=MacArthur Causeway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deception_Pass_Bridge=Deception Pass Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Great_River_Bridge=Great River Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Putra_Bridge=Putra Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kingsgate_Bridge=Kingsgate Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/East_Channel_Bridge=East Channel Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Duke_Ellington_Bridge=Duke Ellington Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Nesmith_Bridge=George Nesmith Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jordan_Bridge=Jordan Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gilmerton_Bridge=Gilmerton Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elvet_Bridge=Elvet Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Homestead_Grays_Bridge=Homestead Grays Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chelfham_Viaduct=Chelfham Viaduct
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lalon_Shah_Bridge=Lalon Shah Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Huey_P._Long_Bridge_(Baton_Rouge)=Huey P. Long Bridge (Baton Rouge)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greenville_Bridge=Greenville Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alkaff_Bridge=Alkaff Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bridge_of_Arta=Bridge of Arta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Katima_Mulilo_Bridge=Katima Mulilo Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Burdekin_Bridge=Burdekin Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bosphorus_Bridge=Bosphorus Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maidenhead_Bridge=Maidenhead Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bridge_10,_Erie_Canal=Bridge 10, Erie Canal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parit_Sulong_Bridge=Parit Sulong Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sultan_Ismail_Bridge=Sultan Ismail Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Muar_Second_Bridge=Muar Second Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raja_Pemaisuri_Bainun_Bridge=Raja Pemaisuri Bainun Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carrick-a-Rede_Rope_Bridge=Carrick-a-Rede Rope Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Landwasser_Viaduct=Landwasser Viaduct
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bridge_8,_Erie_Canal=Bridge 8, Erie Canal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/U.S._Grant_Bridge=U.S. Grant Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moray_Bridge=Moray Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sea_Island_Connector=Sea Island Connector
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sultan_Mahmud_Bridge=Sultan Mahmud Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buloh_Kasap_Bridge=Buloh Kasap Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kuala_Krai_Bridge=Kuala Krai Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Permas_Jaya_Bridge=Permas Jaya Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gold_Star_Memorial_Bridge=Gold Star Memorial Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Esplanade_Riel=Esplanade Riel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lesner_Bridge=Lesner Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dinsmore_Bridge=Dinsmore Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eleanor_Schonell_Bridge=Eleanor Schonell Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Islandbridge=Islandbridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Farmleigh_Bridge=Farmleigh Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anna_Livia_Bridge=Anna Livia Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liffey_Bridge_(Phoenix_Park_Tunnel)=Liffey Bridge (Phoenix Park Tunnel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liberty_Bridge_(Pittsburgh)=Liberty Bridge (Pittsburgh)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Veterans_Bridge_(Pittsburgh)=Veterans Bridge (Pittsburgh)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seri_Wawasan_Bridge=Seri Wawasan Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seri_Saujana_Bridge=Seri Saujana Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/International_Railway_Bridge=International Railway Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ponte_Conde_de_Linhares=Ponte Conde de Linhares
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seri_Perdana_Bridge=Seri Perdana Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monorail_Suspension_Bridge=Monorail Suspension Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grenland_Bridge=Grenland Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norbert_F._Beckey_Bridge=Norbert F. Beckey Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elgeseter_Bridge=Elgeseter Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seri_Gemilang_Bridge=Seri Gemilang Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seri_Bakti_Bridge=Seri Bakti Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seri_Setia_Bridge=Seri Setia Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seri_Bestari_Bridge=Seri Bestari Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Captain_William_J._Hudson_%22Steamboat_Bill%22_Memorial_Bridges=Captain William J. Hudson "Steamboat Bill" Memorial Bridges
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martin_Luther_King_Bridge_(Port_Arthur,_Texas)=Martin Luther King Bridge (Port Arthur, Texas)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michigan_Avenue_Bridge=Michigan Avenue Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Okanagan_Lake_Bridge=Okanagan Lake Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Varodd_Bridge=Varodd Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Interstate_78_Toll_Bridge=Interstate 78 Toll Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cedar_Avenue_Bridge_(Minnesota_River)=Cedar Avenue Bridge (Minnesota River)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amu_Darya_Pipeline_Bridge=Amu Darya Pipeline Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_H._Harsha_Bridge=William H. Harsha Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/High_Bridge_of_Kentucky=High Bridge of Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Big_Four_Bridge=Big Four Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dominion_Boulevard_Steel_Bridge=Dominion Boulevard Steel Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Panhandle_Bridge=Panhandle Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/South_Tenth_Street_Bridge=South Tenth Street Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glenwood_Bridge=Glenwood Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glenwood_B&O_Railroad_Bridge=Glenwood B&O Railroad Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fort_Wayne_Railroad_Bridge=Fort Wayne Railroad Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pinkerton's_Landing_Bridge=Pinkerton's Landing Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carrie_Furnace_Hot_Metal_Bridge=Carrie Furnace Hot Metal Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Linn_Cove_Viaduct=Linn Cove Viaduct
http://dbpedia.org/resource/C&O_Railroad_Bridge=C&O Railroad Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pont_de_la_Concorde_(Montreal)=Pont de la Concorde (Montreal)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Washington_Bridge_(Providence,_Rhode_Island)=Washington Bridge (Providence, Rhode Island)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_End_Bridge_(Pittsburgh)=West End Bridge (Pittsburgh)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Derwent_Way_Bridge=Derwent Way Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bollman_Truss_Railroad_Bridge=Bollman Truss Railroad Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Asparuhov_most=Asparuhov most
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carrollton_Viaduct=Carrollton Viaduct
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Viaduct=Thomas Viaduct
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pulau_Bunting_Bridge=Pulau Bunting Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xiling_Yangtze_River_Bridge=Xiling Yangtze River Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dazi_Bridge=Dazi Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hirado_Bridge=Hirado Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Egongyan_Bridge=Egongyan Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Donghai_Bridge=Donghai Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Old_Bridge,_Svilengrad=Old Bridge, Svilengrad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Haicang_Bridge=Haicang Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shantou_Bay_Bridge=Shantou Bay Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fengdu_Yangtze_River_Bridge=Fengdu Yangtze River Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andy_Warhol_Bridge=Andy Warhol Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Danube_Bridge=Danube Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sungai_Johor_Bridge=Sungai Johor Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Princes_Bridge=Princes Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crescent_Bridge=Crescent Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Main_Channel_Bridge_(Winona)=Main Channel Bridge (Winona)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bolivar_Bridge=Bolivar Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emmerich_Rhine_Bridge=Emmerich Rhine Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Neville_Island_Bridge=Neville Island Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/McKees_Rocks_Bridge=McKees Rocks Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Margaret_Hunt_Hill_Bridge=Margaret Hunt Hill Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tarban_Creek_Bridge=Tarban Creek Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fig_Tree_Bridge=Fig Tree Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lennox_Bridge,_Parramatta=Lennox Bridge, Parramatta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bellaire_Bridge=Bellaire Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bridgeport_Bridge_(Ohio_River)=Bridgeport Bridge (Ohio River)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caroll_C._Cropper_Bridge=Caroll C. Cropper Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fort_Henry_Bridge=Fort Henry Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Interstate_470_Bridge=Interstate 470 Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moundsville_Bridge=Moundsville Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marco_Polo_Bridge=Marco Polo Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Erasmusbrug=Erasmusbrug
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hardanger_Bridge=Hardanger Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_McCullough_Bridge=David McCullough Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I-35W_Mississippi_River_bridge=I-35W Mississippi River bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Semyonovsky_Bridge=Semyonovsky Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sheppard_Avenue_Bridge=Sheppard Avenue Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Great_Egg_Harbor_Bridge=Great Egg Harbor Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bringle_Ferry_Bridge=Bringle Ferry Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hohenzollern_Bridge=Hohenzollern Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Claiborne_Avenue_Bridge=Claiborne Avenue Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Middle_Bridge=Middle Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mathers_Bridge=Mathers Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Little_Current_Swing_Bridge=Little Current Swing Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hartland_Bridge=Hartland Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cheongdam_Bridge=Cheongdam Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pont_au_Change=Pont au Change
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Captain_Cook_Bridge,_New_South_Wales=Captain Cook Bridge, New South Wales
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_Uglys_Bridge=Tom Uglys Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfords_Point_Bridge=Alfords Point Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_N._Wade_Memorial_Bridge=George N. Wade Memorial Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mala_Rijeka_Viaduct=Mala Rijeka Viaduct
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maria_Pia_Bridge=Maria Pia Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Berry_Bridge=Charles Berry Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Franklin_Street_Bridge=Franklin Street Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aqueduct_Bridge_(Potomac_River)=Aqueduct Bridge (Potomac River)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cape_Fear_Memorial_Bridge=Cape Fear Memorial Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canton_Viaduct=Canton Viaduct
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tunkhannock_Viaduct=Tunkhannock Viaduct
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christopher_S._Bond_Bridge_(Hermann,_Missouri)=Christopher S. Bond Bridge (Hermann, Missouri)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Basilone_Bridge=Basilone Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albany_Street_Bridge=Albany Street Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raritan_Bay_Drawbridge=Raritan Bay Drawbridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Erb's_Covered_Bridge=Erb's Covered Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Willemsbrug=Willemsbrug
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Escambia_Bay_Bridge=Escambia Bay Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Conowingo_Bridge=Conowingo Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CNR_Bridge=CNR Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sultan_Yahya_Petra_Bridge=Sultan Yahya Petra Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sultan_Ahmad_Shah_II_Bridge=Sultan Ahmad Shah II Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ross_Bridge=Ross Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beesley's_Point_Bridge=Beesley's Point Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parkersburg_Bridge_(CSX)=Parkersburg Bridge (CSX)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walnut_Lane_Memorial_Bridge=Walnut Lane Memorial Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barwon_Heads_Bridge=Barwon Heads Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matthew_E._Welsh_Bridge=Matthew E. Welsh Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tower_Bridge_(California)=Tower Bridge (California)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Volodarsky_Bridge=Volodarsky Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buck_Hill_Farm_Covered_Bridge=Buck Hill Farm Covered Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Agate_Pass_Bridge=Agate Pass Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Portage_Bridge=Portage Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ovingham_Bridge=Ovingham Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_Arm_Bridge=North Arm Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Finland_Railway_Bridge=Finland Railway Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Italian_Bridge=Italian Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dabong_Bridge=Dabong Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sultan_Ismail_Petra_Bridge=Sultan Ismail Petra Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Rolling_Bridge=The Rolling Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lions'_Bridge,_Sofia=Lions' Bridge, Sofia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Penobscot_Narrows_Bridge_and_Observatory=Penobscot Narrows Bridge and Observatory
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Garcon_Point_Bridge=Garcon Point Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clearwater_Memorial_Causeway=Clearwater Memorial Causeway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Allen_Williamson_Bridge=Allen Williamson Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/South_Park_Bridge=South Park Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glimmer_Glass_Bridge=Glimmer Glass Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glen_Canyon_Dam_Bridge=Glen Canyon Dam Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atlantic_Beach_Bridge=Atlantic Beach Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amelia_Earhart_Memorial_Bridge=Amelia Earhart Memorial Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monroe_Street_Bridge=Monroe Street Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Helix_Bridge=The Helix Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nowra_Bridge=Nowra Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Victoria_Bridge_(Penrith)=Victoria Bridge (Penrith)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nebraska_City_Bridge=Nebraska City Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lake_Temenggor_Bridge=Lake Temenggor Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kelvin_Aqueduct=Kelvin Aqueduct
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lower_Hack_Lift=Lower Hack Lift
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albert_Edward_Bridge=Albert Edward Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ak-Sar-Ben_Bridge=Ak-Sar-Ben Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Union_Pacific_Missouri_River_Bridge=Union Pacific Missouri River Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Selat_Lumut_Bridge=Selat Lumut Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chestnut_Street_Bridge=Chestnut Street Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bellbank_Bridge=Bellbank Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bordeaux_Railway_Bridge=Bordeaux Railway Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bridge_to_Nowhere_(San_Gabriel_Mountains)=Bridge to Nowhere (San Gabriel Mountains)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cantlop_Bridge=Cantlop Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kingsferry_Bridge=Kingsferry Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_River_Bridge_(Interstate_95)=James River Bridge (Interstate 95)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alversund_Bridge=Alversund Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wylam_Railway_Bridge=Wylam Railway Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hagelsund_Bridge=Hagelsund Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grafton_Bridge,_New_South_Wales=Grafton Bridge, New South Wales
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roseville_Bridge=Roseville Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sutong_Yangtze_River_Bridge=Sutong Yangtze River Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parkhead_Viaduct=Parkhead Viaduct
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Northampton_Street_Bridge=Northampton Street Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Framwellgate_Bridge=Framwellgate Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sixth_Street_Viaduct=Sixth Street Viaduct
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Second_Orinoco_crossing=Second Orinoco crossing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benetka_Road_Covered_Bridge=Benetka Road Covered Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caine_Road_Covered_Bridge=Caine Road Covered Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Creek_Road_Covered_Bridge=Creek Road Covered Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doyle_Road_Covered_Bridge=Doyle Road Covered Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Waterloo_Bridge,_Betws-y-Coed=Waterloo Bridge, Betws-y-Coed
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giddings_Road_Covered_Bridge=Giddings Road Covered Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clackmannanshire_Bridge=Clackmannanshire Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harpersfield_Covered_Bridge=Harpersfield Covered Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Graham_Road_Covered_Bridge=Graham Road Covered Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mechanicsville_Road_Covered_Bridge=Mechanicsville Road Covered Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prai_River_Bridge=Prai River Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Railroad_Bridge=New Railroad Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dearborn_Street_Bridge=Dearborn Street Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clark_Street_Bridge=Clark Street Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Middle_Road_Covered_Bridge=Middle Road Covered Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Netcher_Road_Covered_Bridge=Netcher Road Covered Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Poniatowski_Bridge=Poniatowski Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Olin's_Covered_Bridge=Olin's Covered Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Riverdale_Road_Covered_Bridge=Riverdale Road Covered Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Root_Road_Covered_Bridge=Root Road Covered Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/South_Denmark_Road_Covered_Bridge=South Denmark Road Covered Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/State_Road_Covered_Bridge=State Road Covered Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Godavari_Bridge=Godavari Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coleman_Bridge,_Singapore=Coleman Bridge, Singapore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Plattsmouth_Bridge=Plattsmouth Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Market_Street_Bridge_(Harrisburg,_Pennsylvania)=Market Street Bridge (Harrisburg, Pennsylvania)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angers_Bridge=Angers Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Verrazano_Bridge_(Maryland)=Verrazano Bridge (Maryland)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Connel_Bridge=Connel Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Whites_Bridge=Whites Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/State_Street_Bridge_(Harrisburg,_Pennsylvania)=State Street Bridge (Harrisburg, Pennsylvania)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yarrow_Bridge=Yarrow Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fallasburg_Bridge=Fallasburg Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Claude_Avenue_Bridge=St. Claude Avenue Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Almonaster_Avenue_Bridge=Almonaster Avenue Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I-10_High_Rise_Bridge=I-10 High Rise Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Danziger_Bridge=Danziger Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seabrook_Railroad_Bridge=Seabrook Railroad Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seabrook_Bridge=Seabrook Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Green_Bridge_(New_Orleans)=Green Bridge (New Orleans)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Craigmore_Viaduct=Craigmore Viaduct
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Europe_Bridge=New Europe Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roman_Bridge_(Trier)=Roman Bridge (Trier)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Centre_Street_Bridge_(Calgary)=Centre Street Bridge (Calgary)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Burnside's_Bridge=Burnside's Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ma_Wan_Viaduct=Ma Wan Viaduct
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Magnolia_Bridge=Magnolia Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yanghwa_Bridge=Yanghwa Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liberty_Bend_Bridge=Liberty Bend Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pont_de_Grenelle=Pont de Grenelle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pont_de_Bir-Hakeim=Pont de Bir-Hakeim
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pont_Rouelle=Pont Rouelle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Victoria_Bridge,_Malaysia=Victoria Bridge, Malaysia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Incheon_Bridge=Incheon Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taba_Border_Crossing=Taba Border Crossing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wadi_Araba_Crossing=Wadi Araba Crossing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jordan_River_Crossing=Jordan River Crossing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nitzana_Border_Crossing=Nitzana Border Crossing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quneitra_Crossing=Quneitra Crossing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kopu_Bridge=Kopu Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abbotsford_Bridge=Abbotsford Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Girard_Point_Bridge=Girard Point Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bridge_of_Strings=Bridge of Strings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bewdley_Bridge=Bewdley Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Larpool_Viaduct=Larpool Viaduct
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dona_Ana_Bridge=Dona Ana Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fullers_Bridge=Fullers Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liberty_Bridge_at_Falls_Park_on_the_Reedy=Liberty Bridge at Falls Park on the Reedy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Washington_Carver_Bridge=George Washington Carver Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Poinsett_Bridge=Poinsett Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pont_de_Sully=Pont de Sully
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carter_Glass_Memorial_Bridge=Carter Glass Memorial Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Schenley_Bridge=Schenley Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Panther_Hollow_Bridge=Panther Hollow Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sidney_Sherman_Bridge=Sidney Sherman Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cobden_Bridge=Cobden Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Belden_Bly_Bridge=Belden Bly Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bertrand_Road_suspension_bridge=Bertrand Road suspension bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ann_W._Richards_Congress_Avenue_Bridge=Ann W. Richards Congress Avenue Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Honeymoon_Bridge_(Ontario)=Honeymoon Bridge (Ontario)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Burlington_Northern_Railroad_Bridge_9.6=Burlington Northern Railroad Bridge 9.6
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ASEAN_Bridge=ASEAN Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dudley_B._Menzies_Bridge=Dudley B. Menzies Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mill_Avenue_Bridges=Mill Avenue Bridges
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cut_River_Bridge=Cut River Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mark_Clark_Bridge=Mark Clark Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lyndon_Bridge=Lyndon Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/King_Street_Bridge_(Melbourne)=King Street Bridge (Melbourne)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fades_viaduct=Fades viaduct
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kittanning_Citizens_Bridge=Kittanning Citizens Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dorothy_Barnes_Pelote_Bridge=Dorothy Barnes Pelote Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Veterans_Memorial_Bridge_(Rochester,_New_York)=Veterans Memorial Bridge (Rochester, New York)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nelson_Mandela_Bridge=Nelson Mandela Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Schell_Bridge=Schell Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meridian_Highway_Bridge=Meridian Highway Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bloomington_Ferry_Bridge=Bloomington Ferry Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/35th_Street_Bridge=35th Street Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pensacola_Bay_Bridge=Pensacola Bay Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I-35W_Saint_Anthony_Falls_Bridge=I-35W Saint Anthony Falls Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flehe_Bridge=Flehe Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Denver_Millennium_Bridge=Denver Millennium Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Red_Bridge_(Tasmania)=Red Bridge (Tasmania)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Calcasieu_River_Bridge=Calcasieu River Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maroon_Creek_Bridge=Maroon Creek Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swann_Covered_Bridge=Swann Covered Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Victory_Bridge_(Yerevan)=Victory Bridge (Yerevan)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maestri_Bridge=Maestri Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CSX_Rigolets_Pass_Bridge=CSX Rigolets Pass Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Columbia_Bridge_(New_Hampshire)=Columbia Bridge (New Hampshire)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alamuchee-Bellamy_Covered_Bridge=Alamuchee-Bellamy Covered Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Igelsta_Bridge=Igelsta Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Market_Street_Bridge_(Philadelphia)=Market Street Bridge (Philadelphia)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bedell_Covered_Bridge=Bedell Covered Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mansfield_Covered_Bridge=Mansfield Covered Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MacRitchie_Viaduct=MacRitchie Viaduct
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Old_Blenheim_Bridge=Old Blenheim Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Conley's_Ford_Covered_Bridge=Conley's Ford Covered Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bridgeton_Covered_Bridge=Bridgeton Covered Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nevins_Covered_Bridge=Nevins Covered Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crooks_Covered_Bridge=Crooks Covered Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grays_River_Covered_Bridge=Grays River Covered Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anzalduas_International_Bridge=Anzalduas International Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beeson_Covered_Bridge=Beeson Covered Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Billie_Creek_Covered_Bridge=Billie Creek Covered Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/McAllister_Covered_Bridge=McAllister Covered Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Neet_Covered_Bridge=Neet Covered Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Governor_Thomas_Johnson_Bridge=Governor Thomas Johnson Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rexleigh_Bridge=Rexleigh Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Copeland_Bridge=Copeland Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Halls_Mills_Bridge_(New_York)=Halls Mills Bridge (New York)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bowsher_Ford_Covered_Bridge=Bowsher Ford Covered Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Catlin_Covered_Bridge=Catlin Covered Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cox_Ford_Covered_Bridge=Cox Ford Covered Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harry_Evans_Covered_Bridge=Harry Evans Covered Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jackson_Covered_Bridge=Jackson Covered Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leatherwood_Station_Covered_Bridge=Leatherwood Station Covered Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marshall_Covered_Bridge=Marshall Covered Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Melcher_Covered_Bridge=Melcher Covered Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mill_Creek_Covered_Bridge=Mill Creek Covered Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Narrows_Covered_Bridge=Narrows Covered Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Portland_Mills_Covered_Bridge=Portland Mills Covered Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phillips_Covered_Bridge=Phillips Covered Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jamestown_Viaduct=Jamestown Viaduct
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rush_Creek_Covered_Bridge=Rush Creek Covered Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sanitorium_Covered_Bridge=Sanitorium Covered Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_Union_Covered_Bridge=West Union Covered Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilkins_Mill_Covered_Bridge=Wilkins Mill Covered Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zacke_Cox_Covered_Bridge=Zacke Cox Covered Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gudgeonville_Covered_Bridge=Gudgeonville Covered Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Halfpenny_Bridge=Halfpenny Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_Squirrel_Creek_Bridge=Black Squirrel Creek Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eiksund_Bridge=Eiksund Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kinzua_Bridge=Kinzua Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis_Bisson_Bridge=Louis Bisson Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arboretum_Sewer_Trestle=Arboretum Sewer Trestle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Second_Wuhan_Yangtze_River_Bridge=Second Wuhan Yangtze River Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wuhan_Yangtze_River_Bridge=Wuhan Yangtze River Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Comer_Bridge=Comer Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wabash_Bridge_(Pittsburgh)=Wabash Bridge (Pittsburgh)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cogan_House_Covered_Bridge=Cogan House Covered Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pont_du_Carrousel=Pont du Carrousel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pennsylvania_Avenue_Bridge=Pennsylvania Avenue Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Des_Plaines_River_Valley_Bridge=Des Plaines River Valley Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ballochmyle_Viaduct=Ballochmyle Viaduct
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Veterans_Memorial_Bridge_(Bristol_County,_Massachusetts)=Veterans Memorial Bridge (Bristol County, Massachusetts)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Summerleaze_Footbridge=Summerleaze Footbridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hares_Hill_Road_Bridge=Hares Hill Road Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Low_Level_Bridge_(Edmonton)=Low Level Bridge (Edmonton)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chenab_Bridge=Chenab Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack's_Creek_Covered_Bridge=Jack's Creek Covered Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Suffield_and_Thompsonville_Bridge=Suffield and Thompsonville Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Irondequoit_Bay_Bridge=Irondequoit Bay Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Irondequoit_Bay_Outlet_Bridge=Irondequoit Bay Outlet Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silverwater_Bridge=Silverwater Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hi_Carpenter_Memorial_Bridge=Hi Carpenter Memorial Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Military_Order_of_the_Purple_Heart_Bridge=Military Order of the Purple Heart Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/6th_October_Bridge=6th October Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Street_Bridge=I Street Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maribyrnong_River_Viaduct=Maribyrnong River Viaduct
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fredericton_Railway_Bridge=Fredericton Railway Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Millennium_Bridge_(Kazan)=Millennium Bridge (Kazan)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pont_amont=Pont amont
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Curlew_Bridge=Curlew Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leverett_Circle_Connector_Bridge=Leverett Circle Connector Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Unity_Bridge=Unity Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canadian_Northern_Ontario_Railway_Federal_Bridge=Canadian Northern Ontario Railway Federal Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pont_d'Austerlitz=Pont d'Austerlitz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bladensburg_Road_Bridge=Bladensburg Road Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Skopje_Aqueduct=Skopje Aqueduct
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pont_au_Double=Pont au Double
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trent_Bridge_(bridge)=Trent Bridge (bridge)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kurilpa_Bridge=Kurilpa Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sale_Swing_Bridge=Sale Swing Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Valley_View_Bridge=Valley View Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Balclutha_Road_Bridge=Balclutha Road Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pencoyd_Railroad_Bridge_(Kansas_City,_Missouri)=Pencoyd Railroad Bridge (Kansas City, Missouri)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pont_Notre-Dame=Pont Notre-Dame
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Petit_Pont=Petit Pont
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pont_Saint-Michel=Pont Saint-Michel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pont_de_la_Concorde_(Paris)=Pont de la Concorde (Paris)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parry_Sound_CPR_Trestle=Parry Sound CPR Trestle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sioux_Narrows_Bridge=Sioux Narrows Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pont_Saint-Louis=Pont Saint-Louis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Portal_Bridge=Portal Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pont_Mirabeau=Pont Mirabeau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pont_aval=Pont aval
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pont_National=Pont National
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pont_de_Tolbiac=Pont de Tolbiac
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wanxian_Bridge=Wanxian Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stone_Bridge,_Riga=Stone Bridge, Riga
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kinzie_Street_railroad_bridge=Kinzie Street railroad bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/18th_Street_Expressway_Bridge=18th Street Expressway Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fairfax_Bridge_(Washington)=Fairfax Bridge (Washington)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/East_34th_Street_Bridge=East 34th Street Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walnut_Lane_Bridge=Walnut Lane Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greenpoint_Avenue_Bridge=Greenpoint Avenue Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Queshi_Bridge=Queshi Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Half_Chance_Iron_Bridge=Half Chance Iron Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elwha_River_Bridge=Elwha River Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fleisch_Bridge=Fleisch Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pont_del_Diable=Pont del Diable
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Northam_Bridge=Northam Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kansas_Avenue_Bridge_(West)=Kansas Avenue Bridge (West)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arkadiko_Bridge=Arkadiko Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/U.S._40_and_59_Bridges=U.S. 40 and 59 Bridges
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kansas_Turnpike_Bridges=Kansas Turnpike Bridges
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dragon_Bridge_(Ljubljana)=Dragon Bridge (Ljubljana)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kuokkala_Bridge=Kuokkala Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brotherhood_Bridge=Brotherhood Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Slateford_Aqueduct=Slateford Aqueduct
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fairfield_Bridge=Fairfield Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Watergate,_Chester=Watergate, Chester
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hulme_Arch_Bridge=Hulme Arch Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Niagara_Clifton_Bridge=Niagara Clifton Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sunniberg_Bridge=Sunniberg Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Groat_Bridge=Groat Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quesnell_Bridge=Quesnell Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_MacDonald_Bridge=James MacDonald Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edison_Bridge_(Ohio)=Edison Bridge (Ohio)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daly's_bridge=Daly's bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sebastian_Inlet_Bridge=Sebastian Inlet Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moselle_Viaduct=Moselle Viaduct
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dunham_Bridge=Dunham Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crumlin_Viaduct=Crumlin Viaduct
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Masnaa_Border_Crossing=Masnaa Border Crossing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pond_Eddy_Bridge=Pond Eddy Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All-America_Bridge=All-America Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Makupa_Causeway=Makupa Causeway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clover_Bar_Bridge=Clover Bar Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mattancherry_Bridge=Mattancherry Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brig_o'_Doon=Brig o' Doon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beverly_Railroad_Bridge=Beverly Railroad Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buttonwood_Covered_Bridge=Buttonwood Covered Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walterdale_Bridge=Walterdale Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dawson_Bridge=Dawson Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sonestown_Covered_Bridge=Sonestown Covered Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Forksville_Covered_Bridge=Forksville Covered Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hillsgrove_Covered_Bridge=Hillsgrove Covered Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Avon_Aqueduct=Avon Aqueduct
http://dbpedia.org/resource/33rd_Street_Railroad_Bridge=33rd Street Railroad Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Onepoto_Bridge=Onepoto Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thames_River_Bridge_(Amtrak)=Thames River Bridge (Amtrak)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dungeness_River_Bridge=Dungeness River Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tinkers_Creek_Aqueduct=Tinkers Creek Aqueduct
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Camino_Real_International_Bridge=Camino Real International Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Linda_International_Bridge=La Linda International Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strawberry_Mansion_Bridge=Strawberry Mansion Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Falls_Bridge=Falls Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wylam_Bridge=Wylam Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flats_Industrial_Railroad=Flats Industrial Railroad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Constantine's_Bridge_(Danube)=Constantine's Bridge (Danube)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacques_Bizard_Bridge=Jacques Bizard Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/High_Bridge_(Coatesville,_Pennsylvania)=High Bridge (Coatesville, Pennsylvania)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fisher's_Lane_Bridge=Fisher's Lane Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spencer_Street_Bridge=Spencer Street Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Landenberg_Bridge=Landenberg Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tilikum_Crossing=Tilikum Crossing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trevorton_Bridge=Trevorton Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/19th_Street_Bridge=19th Street Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_Cornwall_Covered_Bridge=West Cornwall Covered Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sultan_Ahmad_Shah_Bridge=Sultan Ahmad Shah Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laurier_Railway_Bridge=Laurier Railway Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Long_Beach_Bridge=Long Beach Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shaw_Bridge=Shaw Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Qasr_al-Nil_Bridge=Qasr al-Nil Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flour_Bridge=Flour Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reading_Festival_Bridge=Reading Festival Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sennoy_Bridge=Sennoy Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Novo-Konyushenny_Bridge=Novo-Konyushenny Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samuel_Beckett_Bridge=Samuel Beckett Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yavuz_Sultan_Selim_Bridge=Yavuz Sultan Selim Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cherry_Street_Strauss_Trunnion_Bascule_Bridge=Cherry Street Strauss Trunnion Bascule Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/River_Suir_Bridge=River Suir Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dornoch_Firth_Bridge=Dornoch Firth Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Watertown_Bridge=Watertown Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goodpasture_Bridge=Goodpasture Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Platte_River_Bridge=Platte River Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Highland_Bridge=Highland Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eggner's_Ferry_Bridge=Eggner's Ferry Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cromarty_Bridge=Cromarty Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pont_National_(Brest)=Pont National (Brest)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Satok_Bridge=Satok Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Datuk_Patinggi_Haji_Abdul_Rahman_Bridge=Datuk Patinggi Haji Abdul Rahman Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Waterford_Covered_Bridge=Waterford Covered Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Watts_Mill_Bridge=Watts Mill Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/River_Street_Bridge_(Charles_River)=River Street Bridge (Charles River)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Western_Avenue_Bridge=Western Avenue Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_W._Weeks_Bridge=John W. Weeks Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eliot_Bridge=Eliot Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Locke_Avenue_Bridge=Locke Avenue Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cedar_Canyon_Bridge=Cedar Canyon Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Corduroy_Creek_Bridge=Corduroy Creek Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pont_de_Pierre_(Aosta)=Pont de Pierre (Aosta)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thornton_viaduct=Thornton viaduct
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Weidendammer_Bridge=Weidendammer Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indooroopilly_Railway_Bridge=Indooroopilly Railway Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rochefort-Martrou_Transporter_Bridge=Rochefort-Martrou Transporter Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/C215_Viaduct=C215 Viaduct
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Plunketts_Creek_Bridge_No._3=Plunketts Creek Bridge No. 3
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baishazhou_Yangtze_River_Bridge=Baishazhou Yangtze River Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Qingchuan_Bridge=Qingchuan Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fletcher_Covered_Bridge=Fletcher Covered Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Puente_Rodolfo_Robles=Puente Rodolfo Robles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Capilano_Bridge_(Edmonton)=Capilano Bridge (Edmonton)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/8_November_Bridge=8 November Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Schoharie_Creek_Bridge_collapse=Schoharie Creek Bridge collapse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ponte_Sublicio=Ponte Sublicio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Breydon_Viaduct=Breydon Viaduct
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tauranga_Harbour_Bridge=Tauranga Harbour Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rock_Island_Railroad_Bridge_(Columbia_River)=Rock Island Railroad Bridge (Columbia River)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sidu_River_Bridge=Sidu River Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ada_Bridge=Ada Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All-American_Canal_Bridge=All-American Canal Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Huangpu_Bridge=Huangpu Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Innerbelt_Bridge=Innerbelt Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pont_de_Neuilly=Pont de Neuilly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anthony_Wayne_Bridge=Anthony Wayne Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ypsilon_(bridge)=Ypsilon (bridge)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fire_Island_Inlet_Bridge=Fire Island Inlet Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lewis_Bandt_Bridge=Lewis Bandt Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_Beacon_Street_Bridge=North Beacon Street Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arsenal_Street_Bridge=Arsenal Street Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lower_Humbert_Covered_Bridge=Lower Humbert Covered Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hannam_Bridge=Hannam Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shaikh_Isa_Causeway=Shaikh Isa Causeway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Sauer_Bridge=Paul Sauer Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Layton_Bridge=Layton Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pont_d'Espagne=Pont d'Espagne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bridge_Street_Bridge_(Newark)=Bridge Street Bridge (Newark)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baling_River_Bridge=Baling River Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ponte_Salario=Ponte Salario
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Banghwa_Bridge=Banghwa Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bluff_Dale_Suspension_Bridge=Bluff Dale Suspension Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dollis_Brook_Viaduct=Dollis Brook Viaduct
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Labuan-Menumbok_Bridge=Labuan-Menumbok Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Allegheny_River_Turnpike_Bridge=Allegheny River Turnpike Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sturgeon_Bay_Bridge=Sturgeon Bay Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Corbridge_Bridge=Corbridge Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wintergreen_Gorge_Bridge=Wintergreen Gorge Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tacoma_Narrows_Bridge_(1950)=Tacoma Narrows Bridge (1950)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jibboom_Street_Bridge=Jibboom Street Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hexham_Bridge=Hexham Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gray's_Ferry_Bridge=Gray's Ferry Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hexham_Old_Bridge=Hexham Old Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Constantius_Bridge=Constantius Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Border_Counties_Bridge=Border Counties Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Snow-Reed_Swing_Bridge=Snow-Reed Swing Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wadi_el_Kuf_Bridge=Wadi el Kuf Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gross_Covered_Bridge=Gross Covered Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Main_Avenue_Bridge=Main Avenue Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Langkawi_Sky_Bridge=Langkawi Sky Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Styford_Bridge=Styford Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Novo-kamenniy_Bridge=Novo-kamenniy Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bywell_Bridge=Bywell Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jamsu_Bridge=Jamsu Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kallestadsundet_Bridge=Kallestadsundet Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silver_Bridge=Silver Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stolma_Bridge=Stolma Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bryggebroen=Bryggebroen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Southdown_Road_Skew_Bridge=Southdown Road Skew Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fossil_Creek_Bridge=Fossil Creek Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Verde_River_Bridge=Verde River Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Perkinsville_Bridge=Perkinsville Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Neidpath_Viaduct=Neidpath Viaduct
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frederick_W._Panhorst_Bridge=Frederick W. Panhorst Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Princess_of_Wales_Bridge=Princess of Wales Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rock_Creek_Canyon_Bridge=Rock Creek Canyon Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Teesquay_Millennium_Footbridge=Teesquay Millennium Footbridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lyne_Viaduct=Lyne Viaduct
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kielder_Viaduct=Kielder Viaduct
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norfolk_Southern_Lake_Pontchartrain_Bridge=Norfolk Southern Lake Pontchartrain Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caneadea_Bridge=Caneadea Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Wear_bridge=New Wear bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peace_Bridge_(Calgary)=Peace Bridge (Calgary)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maple_Street_Covered_Bridge=Maple Street Covered Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gates_Farm_Covered_Bridge=Gates Farm Covered Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beebe_Bridge=Beebe Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arch_Bridge_(Bellows_Falls)=Arch Bridge (Bellows Falls)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hacho_Bridge=Hacho Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louise_Bridge=Louise Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/East_Fairfield_Covered_Bridge=East Fairfield Covered Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Poland_Covered_Bridge=Poland Covered Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grist_Mill_Covered_Bridge=Grist Mill Covered Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hereford_Road_Skew_Bridge=Hereford Road Skew Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baluarte_Bridge=Baluarte Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sultan_Yusuf_Bridge=Sultan Yusuf Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iskandariah_Bridge=Iskandariah Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sultan_Abdul_Jalil_Shah_Bridge=Sultan Abdul Jalil Shah Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abu_Bakar_Bridge=Abu Bakar Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sultan_Azlan_Shah_Bridge=Sultan Azlan Shah Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sultan_Idris_Shah_II_Bridge=Sultan Idris Shah II Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sultan_Salahuddin_Abdul_Aziz_Shah_Bridge=Sultan Salahuddin Abdul Aziz Shah Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zacatal_Bridge=Zacatal Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Power_House_Covered_Bridge=Power House Covered Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scribner_Covered_Bridge=Scribner Covered Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hadley_Parabolic_Bridge=Hadley Parabolic Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bridge_in_West_Earl_Township=Bridge in West Earl Township
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bigelow_Bridge=Bigelow Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lover's_Leap_Bridge=Lover's Leap Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cheonho_Bridge=Cheonho Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hite_Crossing_Bridge=Hite Crossing Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fyksesund_Bridge=Fyksesund Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_Bridge,_Halifax=North Bridge, Halifax
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Loren_Bridge=Loren Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Biryulka=Biryulka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Galena_Creek_Bridge=Galena Creek Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jalan_Buroh_Extradosed_Bridge=Jalan Buroh Extradosed Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Valley_Bridge=Valley Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Firefighters'_Memorial_Bridge_(Pittston)=Firefighters' Memorial Bridge (Pittston)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Terzijski_Bridge=Terzijski Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Penponds_Viaduct=Penponds Viaduct
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carmine_Liberta_Bridge=Carmine Liberta Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barker_Crossing=Barker Crossing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Borden_Bridge=Borden Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crooked_Bridge=Crooked Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arapsu_Bridge=Arapsu Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eurymedon_Bridge_(Selge)=Eurymedon Bridge (Selge)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grand_Coulee_Bridge=Grand Coulee Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Union_Railroad_Port_Perry_Bridge=Union Railroad Port Perry Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/McKeesport-Duquesne_Bridge=McKeesport-Duquesne Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/W.D._Mansfield_Memorial_Bridge=W.D. Mansfield Memorial Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clairton-Glassport_Bridge=Clairton-Glassport Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Union_Railroad_Clairton_Bridge=Union Railroad Clairton Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Regis_R._Malady_Bridge=Regis R. Malady Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Herr's_Island_Railroad_Bridge=Herr's Island Railroad Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/31st_Street_Bridge=31st Street Bridge
