http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hercule_Poirot=Hercule Poirot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dodo_(Alice's_Adventures_in_Wonderland)=Dodo (Alice's Adventures in Wonderland)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Calvin_and_Hobbes=Calvin and Hobbes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Conan_the_Barbarian=Conan the Barbarian
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Corum_Jhaelen_Irsei=Corum Jhaelen Irsei
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daisy_Duck=Daisy Duck
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Falstaff=Falstaff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Huey,_Dewey,_and_Louie=Huey, Dewey, and Louie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/HAL_9000=HAL 9000
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inspector_Morse=Inspector Morse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indiana_Jones=Indiana Jones
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Bond=James Bond
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kermit_the_Frog=Kermit the Frog
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ludwig_Von_Drake=Ludwig Von Drake
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mickey_Mouse=Mickey Mouse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Obelix=Obelix
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Bunyan=Paul Bunyan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Smiley=Smiley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spenser_(character)=Spenser (character)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sherlock_Holmes=Sherlock Holmes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Slartibartfast=Slartibartfast
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Simon_Templar=Simon Templar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sweeney_Todd=Sweeney Todd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scrooge_McDuck=Scrooge McDuck
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack_Ryan_(character)=Jack Ryan (character)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Clark_(Tom_Clancy_character)=John Clark (Tom Clancy character)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Ashbless=William Ashbless
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xena=Xena
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Austin_Powers_(character)=Austin Powers (character)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scooby_Gang_(Buffy_the_Vampire_Slayer)=Scooby Gang (Buffy the Vampire Slayer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Severus_Snape=Severus Snape
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Draco_Malfoy=Draco Malfoy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hermione_Granger=Hermione Granger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lord_Voldemort=Lord Voldemort
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albus_Dumbledore=Albus Dumbledore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inspector_Clouseau=Inspector Clouseau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hagbard_Celine=Hagbard Celine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miffy=Miffy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bugs_Bunny=Bugs Bunny
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uncle_Tom=Uncle Tom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Porky_Pig=Porky Pig
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daffy_Duck=Daffy Duck
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uriah_Heep=Uriah Heep
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harry_Palmer=Harry Palmer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hello_Kitty=Hello Kitty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nancy_Drew=Nancy Drew
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mulan_(Disney_character)=Mulan (Disney character)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Humphrey_B._Bear=Humphrey B. Bear
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_Valjean=Jean Valjean
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alice_(Alice's_Adventures_in_Wonderland)=Alice (Alice's Adventures in Wonderland)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cthulhu=Cthulhu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nyarlathotep=Nyarlathotep
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tigger=Tigger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oswald_the_Lucky_Rabbit=Oswald the Lucky Rabbit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oscar_the_Grouch=Oscar the Grouch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pluto_(Disney)=Pluto (Disney)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Magica_De_Spell=Magica De Spell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gyro_Gearloose=Gyro Gearloose
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flintheart_Glomgold=Flintheart Glomgold
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goofy=Goofy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pete_(Disney)=Pete (Disney)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Captain_Hook=Captain Hook
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scrappy-Doo=Scrappy-Doo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beagle_Boys=Beagle Boys
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clarabelle_Cow=Clarabelle Cow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Minnie_Mouse=Minnie Mouse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Horace_Horsecollar=Horace Horsecollar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jane_Bee=Jane Bee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cadfael=Cadfael
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lemony_Snicket=Lemony Snicket
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phantom_Blot=Phantom Blot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ford_Prefect_(character)=Ford Prefect (character)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeeves=Jeeves
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bertie_Wooster=Bertie Wooster
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lazarus_Long=Lazarus Long
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_D._Rockerduck=John D. Rockerduck
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Professor_Moriarty=Professor Moriarty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pryderi=Pryderi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christopher_Robin=Christopher Robin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eeyore=Eeyore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Piglet_(Winnie-the-Pooh)=Piglet (Winnie-the-Pooh)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rabbit_(Winnie-the-Pooh)=Rabbit (Winnie-the-Pooh)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tweety=Tweety
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eric_Cartman=Eric Cartman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elmo=Elmo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jay_and_Silent_Bob=Jay and Silent Bob
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack_O'Neill=Jack O'Neill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Veronica_Lodge=Veronica Lodge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mighty_Mouse=Mighty Mouse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Betty_Cooper=Betty Cooper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reggie_Mantle=Reggie Mantle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Archie_Andrews_(comics)=Archie Andrews (comics)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jughead_Jones=Jughead Jones
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wile_E._Coyote_and_The_Road_Runner=Wile E. Coyote and The Road Runner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marvin_the_Martian=Marvin the Martian
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miss_Piggy=Miss Piggy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Speedy_Gonzales=Speedy Gonzales
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Carter_of_Mars=John Carter of Mars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mowgli=Mowgli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Drake_(detective)=Paul Drake (detective)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charlie_Brown=Charlie Brown
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sylvester_(Looney_Tunes)=Sylvester (Looney Tunes)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zoidberg=Zoidberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilkins_Micawber=Wilkins Micawber
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zaphod_Beeblebrox=Zaphod Beeblebrox
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nero_Wolfe=Nero Wolfe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mr._Moto=Mr. Moto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fozzie_Bear=Fozzie Bear
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Redcorn=John Redcorn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cheshire_Cat=Cheshire Cat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ed_Grimley=Ed Grimley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kenny_McCormick=Kenny McCormick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/McClintic_Sphere=McClintic Sphere
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cotton_Hill=Cotton Hill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dale_Gribble=Dale Gribble
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hank_Hill=Hank Hill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leopold_Bloom=Leopold Bloom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Horatio_Hornblower=Horatio Hornblower
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chip_'n'_Dale=Chip 'n' Dale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alan_Partridge=Alan Partridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ebenezer_Scrooge=Ebenezer Scrooge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fonzie=Fonzie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rudolph_the_Red-Nosed_Reindeer=Rudolph the Red-Nosed Reindeer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Captain_Nemo=Captain Nemo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arthur_Dent=Arthur Dent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marvin_(character)=Marvin (character)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Big_Bird=Big Bird
http://dbpedia.org/resource/J._Wellington_Wimpy=J. Wellington Wimpy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Olive_Oyl=Olive Oyl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bluto=Bluto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barbie=Barbie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baron_Munchausen=Baron Munchausen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ken_(doll)=Ken (doll)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hannibal_Lecter=Hannibal Lecter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Artful_Dodger=Artful Dodger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trillian_(character)=Trillian (character)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lou_Grant=Lou Grant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bert_(Sesame_Street)=Bert (Sesame Street)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ernie_(Sesame_Street)=Ernie (Sesame Street)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hatter=The Hatter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pebbles_Flintstone=Pebbles Flintstone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Long_John_Silver=Long John Silver
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mr._Snuffleupagus=Mr. Snuffleupagus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hiram_Lodge=Hiram Lodge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mr._Weatherbee=Mr. Weatherbee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Azathoth=Azathoth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Midge_(Barbie)=Midge (Barbie)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SpongeBob_SquarePants_(character)=SpongeBob SquarePants (character)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mr._Krabs=Mr. Krabs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bosko=Bosko
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Felix_the_Cat=Felix the Cat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philip_Marlowe=Philip Marlowe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yosemite_Sam=Yosemite Sam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hippety_Hopper=Hippety Hopper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/He-Man=He-Man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tasmanian_Devil_(Looney_Tunes)=Tasmanian Devil (Looney Tunes)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buddy_(Looney_Tunes)=Buddy (Looney Tunes)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Woody_Woodpecker=Woody Woodpecker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Witch_Hazel_(Looney_Tunes)=Witch Hazel (Looney Tunes)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Betty_Boop=Betty Boop
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sniffles=Sniffles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inki=Inki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moose_Mason=Moose Mason
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dilton_Doiley=Dilton Doiley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chuck_Clayton=Chuck Clayton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Big_Ethel=Big Ethel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cheryl_Blossom=Cheryl Blossom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elaine_Benes=Elaine Benes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Babar_the_Elephant=Babar the Elephant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cheeta=Cheeta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jiminy_Cricket=Jiminy Cricket
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Midge_Klump=Midge Klump
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dr._Octagon=Dr. Octagon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mr._Noodle=Mr. Noodle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ishmael_(Moby-Dick)=Ishmael (Moby-Dick)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bandersnatch=Bandersnatch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Big_Bad_Wolf=Big Bad Wolf
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Neo_(The_Matrix)=Neo (The Matrix)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zoe_(Sesame_Street)=Zoe (Sesame Street)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frasier_Crane=Frasier Crane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Telly_Monster=Telly Monster
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grover=Grover
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dr._Jekyll_and_Mr._Hyde_(character)=Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde (character)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mysteron=Mysteron
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Porthos=Porthos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Athos_(character)=Athos (character)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aramis=Aramis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Count_von_Count=Count von Count
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pointy-haired_Boss=Pointy-haired Boss
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Worzel_Gummidge=Worzel Gummidge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Humphrey_the_Bear=Humphrey the Bear
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baker_Street_Irregulars=Baker Street Irregulars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Max_Goof=Max Goof
http://dbpedia.org/resource/T-1000=T-1000
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Budugu=Budugu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zev_Bellringer=Zev Bellringer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Koko_the_Clown=Koko the Clown
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tsathoggua=Tsathoggua
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yog-Sothoth=Yog-Sothoth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guy_Smiley=Guy Smiley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kyle_Broflovski=Kyle Broflovski
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Squidward_Tentacles=Squidward Tentacles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sandy_Cheeks=Sandy Cheeks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Costanza=George Costanza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bat_Boy_(character)=Bat Boy (character)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stan_Marsh=Stan Marsh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Minnie_the_Minx=Minnie the Minx
http://dbpedia.org/resource/M_(James_Bond)=M (James Bond)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dudley_Do-Right=Dudley Do-Right
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fred_Flintstone=Fred Flintstone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arthur_Hastings=Arthur Hastings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inspector_Japp=Inspector Japp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emma_Peel=Emma Peel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fox_Mulder=Fox Mulder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/March_Hare=March Hare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack_Aubrey=Jack Aubrey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ethan_Rayne=Ethan Rayne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Feluda=Feluda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frylock=Frylock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arnold_Rimmer=Arnold Rimmer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Artemis_Fowl_II=Artemis Fowl II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Statler_and_Waldorf=Statler and Waldorf
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peggy_Hill=Peggy Hill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tinker_Bell=Tinker Bell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dr._Johnny_Fever=Dr. Johnny Fever
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buzz_Lightyear=Buzz Lightyear
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Stainless_Steel_Rat=The Stainless Steel Rat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monsieur_Zenith=Monsieur Zenith
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norm_Peterson=Norm Peterson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carla_Tortelli=Carla Tortelli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walter_Mitty=Walter Mitty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Felix_Leiter=Felix Leiter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bernard_Quatermass=Bernard Quatermass
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mr._Garrison=Mr. Garrison
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johnson_Johnson=Johnson Johnson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Irene_Adler=Irene Adler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dirk_Struan=Dirk Struan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ariadne_Oliver=Ariadne Oliver
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Duck_Dodgers=Duck Dodgers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/King_Louie=King Louie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mycroft_Holmes=Mycroft Holmes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dulcinea=Dulcinea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Archie_Bunker=Archie Bunker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edith_Bunker=Edith Bunker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fairy_with_Turquoise_Hair=The Fairy with Turquoise Hair
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scarlett_O'Hara=Scarlett O'Hara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joe_Camel=Joe Camel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ashley_Wilkes=Ashley Wilkes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rhett_Butler=Rhett Butler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis_Grenier=Louis Grenier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Compson_Family=Compson Family
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Melanie_Hamilton=Melanie Hamilton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albert_Campion=Albert Campion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Butters_Stotch=Butters Stotch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Agent_Smith=Agent Smith
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meatwad=Meatwad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bobby_Hill_(King_of_the_Hill)=Bobby Hill (King of the Hill)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buckaroo_Banzai_(character)=Buckaroo Banzai (character)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack_Tripper=Jack Tripper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Basil_Brush=Basil Brush
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anita_Blake=Anita Blake
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_Cat=Tom Cat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/McGruff_the_Crime_Dog=McGruff the Crime Dog
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scheherazade=Scheherazade
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Smokey_Bear=Smokey Bear
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joey_Tribbiani=Joey Tribbiani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rachel_Green=Rachel Green
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crow_T._Robot=Crow T. Robot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Josiah_Bartlet=Josiah Bartlet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Tramp=The Tramp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daria_Morgendorffer=Daria Morgendorffer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steve_Urkel=Steve Urkel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bender_(Futurama)=Bender (Futurama)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Biggles=Biggles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Morpheus_(The_Matrix)=Morpheus (The Matrix)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Piper_Halliwell=Piper Halliwell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paige_Matthews=Paige Matthews
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phoebe_Halliwell=Phoebe Halliwell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prue_Halliwell=Prue Halliwell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Super_Dave_Osborne=Super Dave Osborne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Morgan_le_Fay=Morgan le Fay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/She-Ra=She-Ra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goofy_Gophers=Goofy Gophers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hubie_and_Bertie=Hubie and Bertie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gossamer_(Looney_Tunes)=Gossamer (Looney Tunes)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_Servo=Tom Servo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Sutpen=Thomas Sutpen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dame_Edna_Everage=Dame Edna Everage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dorothy_Gale=Dorothy Gale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marc_Antony_and_Pussyfoot=Marc Antony and Pussyfoot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adrian_Mole=Adrian Mole
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dirk_Pitt=Dirk Pitt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Opus_the_Penguin=Opus the Penguin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_ClueFinders=The ClueFinders
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fry_(Futurama)=Fry (Futurama)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leela_(Futurama)=Leela (Futurama)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Professor_Farnsworth=Professor Farnsworth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zapp_Brannigan=Zapp Brannigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dr._Kildare=Dr. Kildare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wizard_of_Oz_(character)=Wizard of Oz (character)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Princess_Ozma=Princess Ozma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stephen_Dedalus=Stephen Dedalus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elisa_Maza=Elisa Maza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Mandella=William Mandella
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Queen_of_Hearts_(Alice's_Adventures_in_Wonderland)=Queen of Hearts (Alice's Adventures in Wonderland)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dana_Scully=Dana Scully
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack_Bauer=Jack Bauer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glinda_the_Good_Witch=Glinda the Good Witch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lyra_Belacqua=Lyra Belacqua
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Professor_Challenger=Professor Challenger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ant_and_the_Aardvark=The Ant and the Aardvark
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Blue_Racer=The Blue Racer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hoot_Kloot=Hoot Kloot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mr._Hooper=Mr. Hooper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cat_(Red_Dwarf)=Cat (Red Dwarf)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marty_McFly=Marty McFly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benji=Benji
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roland_Deschain=Roland Deschain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Morden_(Babylon_5)=Morden (Babylon 5)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/June_Cleaver=June Cleaver
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Erast_Fandorin=Erast Fandorin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baloo=Baloo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rocky_and_Mugsy=Rocky and Mugsy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Petunia_Pig=Petunia Pig
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adrian_Monk=Adrian Monk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sam_Weller_(character)=Sam Weller (character)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quasimodo=Quasimodo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fearless_Leader=Fearless Leader
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gabrielle_(Xena:_Warrior_Princess)=Gabrielle (Xena: Warrior Princess)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sam_Spade=Sam Spade
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kai_Lung=Kai Lung
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maleficent=Maleficent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Munchkin=Munchkin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sharpe_(novel_series)=Sharpe (novel series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dogbert=Dogbert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frankenstein's_monster=Frankenstein's monster
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cosmo_Kramer=Cosmo Kramer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Niles_Crane=Niles Crane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nancy_Woods=Nancy Woods
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bagheera=Bagheera
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Foxy_(Merrie_Melodies)=Foxy (Merrie Melodies)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ender_Wiggin=Ender Wiggin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Travis_McGee=Travis McGee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lone_Gunmen=The Lone Gunmen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patrick_Bateman=Patrick Bateman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Catbert=Catbert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amy_Wong=Amy Wong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kaa=Kaa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Oracle_(The_Matrix)=The Oracle (The Matrix)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ivy_the_Terrible=Ivy the Terrible
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Figment_(Disney)=Figment (Disney)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emu_(puppet)=Emu (puppet)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Biff_Tannen=Biff Tannen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trinity_(The_Matrix)=Trinity (The Matrix)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Susan_Ivanova=Susan Ivanova
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Langdon=Robert Langdon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dave_Lister=Dave Lister
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Nairobi_Trio=The Nairobi Trio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beryl_the_Peril=Beryl the Peril
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Darryl_Morris=Darryl Morris
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leo_Wyatt=Leo Wyatt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cole_Turner=Cole Turner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tin_Woodman=Tin Woodman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maggie_Walsh=Maggie Walsh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cliff_Clavin=Cliff Clavin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lilith_Sternin=Lilith Sternin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tony_Soprano=Tony Soprano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carmela_Soprano=Carmela Soprano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meadow_Soprano=Meadow Soprano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anthony_Soprano,_Jr.=Anthony Soprano, Jr.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jennifer_Melfi=Jennifer Melfi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christopher_Moltisanti=Christopher Moltisanti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silvio_Dante=Silvio Dante
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Holly_Short=Holly Short
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Junior_Soprano=Junior Soprano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adriana_La_Cerva=Adriana La Cerva
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Janice_Soprano=Janice Soprano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bobby_Baccalieri=Bobby Baccalieri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Furio_Giunta=Furio Giunta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Big_Pussy_Bonpensiero=Big Pussy Bonpensiero
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johnny_Sack=Johnny Sack
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richie_Aprile=Richie Aprile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Livia_Soprano=Livia Soprano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carmine_Lupertazzi=Carmine Lupertazzi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/List_of_Alias_characters=List of Alias characters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sydney_Bristow=Sydney Bristow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Vaughn=Michael Vaughn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lauren_Reed=Lauren Reed
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shere_Khan=Shere Khan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_San_Diego_Chicken=The San Diego Chicken
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Triumph,_the_Insult_Comic_Dog=Triumph, the Insult Comic Dog
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stewie_Griffin=Stewie Griffin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chris_Griffin=Chris Griffin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deathlok=Deathlok
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Penelope_Pitstop=Penelope Pitstop
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tony_Blundetto=Tony Blundetto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ma_and_Pa_Kettle=Ma and Pa Kettle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Bailey_(It's_a_Wonderful_Life)=George Bailey (It's a Wonderful Life)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Garibaldi=Michael Garibaldi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saccard=Saccard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_Ripley=Tom Ripley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roland_Rat=Roland Rat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Billy_Whizz=Billy Whizz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Snidely_Whiplash=Snidely Whiplash
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Corleone=Michael Corleone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clopin_Trouillefou=Clopin Trouillefou
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pee-wee_Herman=Pee-wee Herman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack_Bristow=Jack Bristow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arvin_Sloane=Arvin Sloane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marshall_Flinkman=Marshall Flinkman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eric_Weiss=Eric Weiss
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Will_Tippin=Will Tippin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francie_Calfo=Francie Calfo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Julian_Sark=Julian Sark
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Irina_Derevko=Irina Derevko
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swedish_Chef=Swedish Chef
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Milo_Bloom=Milo Bloom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carmen_Cortez=Carmen Cortez
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Juni_Cortez=Juni Cortez
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blackford_Oakes=Blackford Oakes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roderick_Spode=Roderick Spode
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daisy_Duke=Daisy Duke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daniel_Jackson_(Stargate)=Daniel Jackson (Stargate)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Sheridan_(Babylon_5)=John Sheridan (Babylon 5)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lyta_Alexander=Lyta Alexander
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Queen_(Snow_White)=Queen (Snow White)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chloe_Sullivan=Chloe Sullivan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Londo_Mollari=Londo Mollari
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Source_(Charmed)=The Source (Charmed)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miss_Havisham=Miss Havisham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Smoking_Man=The Smoking Man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eve_(Xena:_Warrior_Princess)=Eve (Xena: Warrior Princess)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sancho_Panza=Sancho Panza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martin_Crane=Martin Crane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Plyushkin=Plyushkin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stephen_Maturin=Stephen Maturin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Honor_Harrington=Honor Harrington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tony_Montana=Tony Montana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/White_Rabbit=White Rabbit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dread_Pirate_Roberts=Dread Pirate Roberts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Teal'c=Teal'c
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mike_Nelson_(character)=Mike Nelson (character)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/G'Kar=G'Kar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joel_Robinson=Joel Robinson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uncle_Fester=Uncle Fester
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hattifattener=Hattifattener
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dukhat=Dukhat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mary_Katherine_Gallagher=Mary Katherine Gallagher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kilgore_Trout=Kilgore Trout
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Hammond_(Stargate)=George Hammond (Stargate)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ellen_Ripley=Ellen Ripley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Delenn=Delenn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aouda=Aouda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kryten=Kryten
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Queequeg=Queequeg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abraham_Van_Helsing=Abraham Van Helsing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thing_(The_Addams_Family)=Thing (The Addams Family)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don_Music=Don Music
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luke_Ward=Luke Ward
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tik-Tok_(Oz)=Tik-Tok (Oz)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Linus_van_Pelt=Linus van Pelt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peppermint_Patty=Peppermint Patty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Rabbit=Peter Rabbit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Foster_Kane=Charles Foster Kane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rerun_van_Pelt=Rerun van Pelt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Snufkin=Snufkin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Betsy_Bobbin=Betsy Bobbin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Button-Bright=Button-Bright
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Space_Ghost=Space Ghost
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hermes_Conrad=Hermes Conrad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scarecrow_(Oz)=Scarecrow (Oz)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Renfield=Renfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Holly_(Red_Dwarf)=Holly (Red Dwarf)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dr._Finlay=Dr. Finlay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Woggle-Bug=Woggle-Bug
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seth_Cohen=Seth Cohen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marcie=Marcie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sam_Malone=Sam Malone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andy_Hardy=Andy Hardy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jessica_Fletcher=Jessica Fletcher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kristine_Kochanski=Kristine Kochanski
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Billy_Bunter=Billy Bunter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bob_and_Doug_McKenzie=Bob and Doug McKenzie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gloria_Stivic=Gloria Stivic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Stivic=Michael Stivic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stephen_Franklin=Stephen Franklin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Winnetou=Winnetou
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dogfather=The Dogfather
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Inspector=The Inspector
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tijuana_Toads=Tijuana Toads
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samantha_Carter=Samantha Carter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ryan_Atwood=Ryan Atwood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marissa_Cooper=Marissa Cooper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mr._Johnson_(Sesame_Street)=Mr. Johnson (Sesame Street)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steerpike=Steerpike
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steve_Dallas=Steve Dallas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thanos=Thanos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daphne_Moon=Daphne Moon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mark_Greene=Mark Greene
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tim_Canterbury=Tim Canterbury
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Snake_Plissken=Snake Plissken
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wolfram_&_Hart=Wolfram & Hart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Carter_(ER)=John Carter (ER)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Willy_Wonka=Willy Wonka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cutter_John=Cutter John
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Watcher_(Buffy_the_Vampire_Slayer)=Watcher (Buffy the Vampire Slayer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Schroeder_(Peanuts)=Schroeder (Peanuts)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lucy_van_Pelt=Lucy van Pelt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elizabeth_Corday=Elizabeth Corday
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Romano=Robert Romano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Will_Parry_(His_Dark_Materials)=Will Parry (His Dark Materials)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Starfire_(comics)=Starfire (comics)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meg_Griffin=Meg Griffin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moomintroll=Moomintroll
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harry_Potter_(character)=Harry Potter (character)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Muttley=Muttley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Snowball_(Animal_Farm)=Snowball (Animal Farm)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shermy=Shermy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sally_Brown=Sally Brown
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Simon_Dedalus=Simon Dedalus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Garth_Marenghi=Garth Marenghi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vir_Cotto=Vir Cotto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jim_Pooley=Jim Pooley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Droopy=Droopy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mary_Russell_(character)=Mary Russell (character)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Animal_(Muppet)=Animal (Muppet)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Camilla_the_Chicken=Camilla the Chicken
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Smiley=George Smiley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dick_Dastardly=Dick Dastardly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diogenes_Small=Diogenes Small
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Violet_(Peanuts)=Violet (Peanuts)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Franklin_(Peanuts)=Franklin (Peanuts)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frieda_(Peanuts)=Frieda (Peanuts)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfred_Bester_(Babylon_5)=Alfred Bester (Babylon 5)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sir_Henry_Merrivale=Sir Henry Merrivale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colonel_March=Colonel March
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Great_Merlini=The Great Merlini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Woodstock_(Peanuts)=Woodstock (Peanuts)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Curious_George=Curious George
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johnny_Fedora=Johnny Fedora
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Elphinstone_Hambledon=Thomas Elphinstone Hambledon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scooter_(Muppet)=Scooter (Muppet)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Man_with_No_Name=Man with No Name
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rowlf_the_Dog=Rowlf the Dog
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sam_Eagle=Sam Eagle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crazy_Harry=Crazy Harry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rex_Carver=Rex Carver
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Drury_Lane_(fictional_detective)=Drury Lane (fictional detective)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sarah_Connor_(Terminator)=Sarah Connor (Terminator)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Domingo_Chavez=Domingo Chavez
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kogoro_Akechi=Kogoro Akechi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clarice_Starling=Clarice Starling
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jimmy_Cooper_(The_O.C.)=Jimmy Cooper (The O.C.)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stanley_Kowalski=Stanley Kowalski
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sweetums=Sweetums
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Terminator_(character)=Terminator (character)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Seer_(Charmed)=The Seer (Charmed)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Skeletor=Skeletor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sophia_Petrillo=Sophia Petrillo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bobby_Newmark=Bobby Newmark
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eric_Lassard=Eric Lassard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blair_Waldorf=Blair Waldorf
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Architect_(The_Matrix)=Architect (The Matrix)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/List_of_Archie_Comics_characters=List of Archie Comics characters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doug_Ross=Doug Ross
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cyrus_Smith=Cyrus Smith
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Little_My=Little My
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antono_Refa=Antono Refa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeffrey_Sinclair=Jeffrey Sinclair
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rebecca_Howe=Rebecca Howe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monica_Geller=Monica Geller
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chandler_Bing=Chandler Bing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kosh_Naranek=Kosh Naranek
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phoebe_Buffay=Phoebe Buffay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ross_Geller=Ross Geller
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ulkesh=Ulkesh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jerry_Mouse=Jerry Mouse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rocky_the_Flying_Squirrel=Rocky the Flying Squirrel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dennis_Rickman=Dennis Rickman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Julie_Cooper=Julie Cooper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beavis=Beavis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jackie_Chiles=Jackie Chiles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phileas_Fogg=Phileas Fogg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Brent=David Brent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nimrod_(comics)=Nimrod (comics)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quentin_Compson=Quentin Compson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Binkley=Michael Binkley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lord_Asriel=Lord Asriel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marisa_Coulter=Marisa Coulter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Svengali=Svengali
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Betty_Ross=Betty Ross
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lennier=Lennier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marcus_Cole=Marcus Cole
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hugo_Strange=Hugo Strange
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jin-qua=Jin-qua
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Magua=Magua
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Morticia_Addams=Morticia Addams
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hayduke=Hayduke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alex_(A_Clockwork_Orange)=Alex (A Clockwork Orange)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Serge_A._Storms=Serge A. Storms
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nancy_(comic_strip)=Nancy (comic strip)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patchwork_Girl=Patchwork Girl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ivan_Dragomiloff=Ivan Dragomiloff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack_Pumpkinhead=Jack Pumpkinhead
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zathras=Zathras
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bobbi_Harlow=Bobbi Harlow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nessus_(Pierson's_Puppeteer)=Nessus (Pierson's Puppeteer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Griffin=Peter Griffin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sydney_Fox=Sydney Fox
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norby=Norby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jason_Bourne=Jason Bourne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Randall_Flagg=Randall Flagg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Talia_Winters=Talia Winters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nome_King=Nome King
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis_Wu=Louis Wu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rocinante=Rocinante
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fredbird=Fredbird
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lois_Griffin=Lois Griffin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brian_Griffin=Brian Griffin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glossu_Rabban=Glossu Rabban
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mozilla_Japan=Mozilla Japan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Allan_Quatermain=Allan Quatermain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daphne_Blake=Daphne Blake
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shaggy_Rogers=Shaggy Rogers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mary_Ann_Summers=Mary Ann Summers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ginger_Grant=Ginger Grant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Velma_Dinkley=Velma Dinkley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lurch_(The_Addams_Family)=Lurch (The Addams Family)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joey_Potter=Joey Potter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wicked_Witch_of_the_West=Wicked Witch of the West
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wicked_Witch_of_the_East=Wicked Witch of the East
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walter_Skinner=Walter Skinner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deep_Throat_(The_X-Files)=Deep Throat (The X-Files)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scooby-Doo_(character)=Scooby-Doo (character)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johannes_Kreisler=Johannes Kreisler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Parke_D'Invilliers=Thomas Parke D'Invilliers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zack_Allan=Zack Allan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bailey_Quarters=Bailey Quarters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laura_Spencer=Laura Spencer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lord_Ramage=Lord Ramage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TV's_Frank=TV's Frank
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lionel_Luthor=Lionel Luthor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michigan_J._Frog=Michigan J. Frog
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Odie=Odie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Commando_Cody=Commando Cody
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doctor_(Doctor_Who)=Doctor (Doctor Who)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lorien_(Babylon_5)=Lorien (Babylon 5)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lucy_Knight=Lucy Knight
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grandmama_(The_Addams_Family)=Grandmama (The Addams Family)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gomez_Addams=Gomez Addams
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ernest_P._Worrell=Ernest P. Worrell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Foaly=Foaly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Al_Bundy=Al Bundy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inigo_Montoya=Inigo Montoya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Comte_de_Rochefort=Comte de Rochefort
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jon_Snow_(character)=Jon Snow (character)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sam_Seaborn=Sam Seaborn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leo_McGarry=Leo McGarry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Josh_Lyman=Josh Lyman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/C._J._Cregg=C. J. Cregg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toby_Ziegler=Toby Ziegler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mandy_Hampton=Mandy Hampton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charlie_Young=Charlie Young
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Donna_Moss=Donna Moss
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abbey_Bartlet=Abbey Bartlet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Will_Bailey=Will Bailey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gordon_the_Big_Engine=Gordon the Big Engine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mock_Turtle=Mock Turtle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Simba=Simba
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thurston_Howell,_III=Thurston Howell, III
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Herman_Munster=Herman Munster
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emperor_Cartagia=Emperor Cartagia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ace_Ventura=Ace Ventura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fat_Controller=The Fat Controller
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gypsy_(Mystery_Science_Theater_3000)=Gypsy (Mystery Science Theater 3000)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cambot=Cambot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pearl_Forrester=Pearl Forrester
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Observer_(Mystery_Science_Theater_3000)=Observer (Mystery Science Theater 3000)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Professor_Bobo=Professor Bobo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beowulf_(hero)=Beowulf (hero)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tony_Almeida=Tony Almeida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nina_Myers=Nina Myers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Granny_(Looney_Tunes)=Granny (Looney Tunes)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ratbert=Ratbert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Honey_Bunny=Honey Bunny
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mini-Me=Mini-Me
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sir_Les_Patterson=Sir Les Patterson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Myers_(Halloween)=Michael Myers (Halloween)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Sheridan_(Babylon_5)=David Sheridan (Babylon 5)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Na'Toth=Na'Toth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Percy_Dovetonsils=Percy Dovetonsils
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oliver_Trask=Oliver Trask
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Old_Major=Old Major
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pig-Pen=Pig-Pen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_California_Raisins=The California Raisins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Niobe_(The_Matrix)=Niobe (The Matrix)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kool-Aid_Man=Kool-Aid Man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tony_the_Tiger=Tony the Tiger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mr._Magoo=Mr. Magoo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strahd_von_Zarovich=Strahd von Zarovich
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_the_Green_Engine=Henry the Green Engine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Percy_the_Small_Engine=Percy the Small Engine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chester_Cheetah=Chester Cheetah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eric_Forman=Eric Forman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karen_Walker_(Will_&_Grace)=Karen Walker (Will & Grace)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Skipper_(Barbie)=Skipper (Barbie)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_the_Blue_Engine=Edward the Blue Engine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_the_Red_Engine=James the Red Engine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zorak=Zorak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jonas_Quinn=Jonas Quinn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dale_Cooper=Dale Cooper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack_Skellington=Jack Skellington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patty_(Peanuts)=Patty (Peanuts)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mom_(Futurama)=Mom (Futurama)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lestat_de_Lioncourt=Lestat de Lioncourt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eliot_Rosewater=Eliot Rosewater
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buffalo_Bill_(character)=Buffalo Bill (character)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francis_Dolarhyde=Francis Dolarhyde
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mooninites=The Mooninites
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keymaker=Keymaker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Persephone_(The_Matrix)=Persephone (The Matrix)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Merovingian_(The_Matrix)=Merovingian (The Matrix)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kesuke_Miyagi=Kesuke Miyagi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Well-Manicured_Man=Well-Manicured Man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abby_Lockhart=Abby Lockhart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Man_from_Another_Place=The Man from Another Place
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bertie_the_Bus=Bertie the Bus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Terence_the_Tractor=Terence the Tractor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Benton=Peter Benton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cordelia_Gray=Cordelia Gray
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gideon_(Charmed)=Gideon (Charmed)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aiden_Ford=Aiden Ford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patty_Halliwell=Patty Halliwell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robin_the_Frog=Robin the Frog
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Queen_Lurline=Queen Lurline
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Victor_Renquist=Victor Renquist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Powers_That_Be_(Angel)=Powers That Be (Angel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Molly_Bloom=Molly Bloom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Snagglepuss=Snagglepuss
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quinn_Mallory=Quinn Mallory
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hollow_(Charmed)=The Hollow (Charmed)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jane_(Ender's_Game)=Jane (Ender's Game)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gareth_Keenan=Gareth Keenan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Globi=Globi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fred_Jones_(Scooby-Doo)=Fred Jones (Scooby-Doo)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rizzo_the_Rat=Rizzo the Rat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pete_the_Pup=Pete the Pup
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Muzha_(deity)=Muzha (deity)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eddie_the_Head=Eddie the Head
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Summer_Roberts=Summer Roberts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mister_Peabody=Mister Peabody
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Captain_Black_(Captain_Scarlet)=Captain Black (Captain Scarlet)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Castle=Richard Castle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Bluth=Michael Bluth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bran_Stark=Bran Stark
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sansa_Stark=Sansa Stark
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rickon_Stark=Rickon Stark
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laura_Palmer=Laura Palmer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Great_Gazoo=The Great Gazoo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bill_Sikes=Bill Sikes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Willy_Loman=Willy Loman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ikkemotubbe=Ikkemotubbe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crimson_King=Crimson King
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raggedy_Ann=Raggedy Ann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bob_Cratchit=Bob Cratchit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goldmember=Goldmember
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boris_Badenov=Boris Badenov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chingachgook=Chingachgook
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elphaba=Elphaba
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orko_(character)=Orko (character)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mulch_Diggums=Mulch Diggums
http://dbpedia.org/resource/King_Kong=King Kong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Shaft=John Shaft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inspector_Lestrade=Inspector Lestrade
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Screwtape=Screwtape
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oliver_Wendell_Jones=Oliver Wendell Jones
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Number_Six_(Battlestar_Galactica)=Number Six (Battlestar Galactica)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bob_Russell_(The_West_Wing)=Bob Russell (The West Wing)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alex_Krycek=Alex Krycek
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toto_(Oz)=Toto (Oz)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Estella_(Great_Expectations)=Estella (Great Expectations)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Travis_Bickle=Travis Bickle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jemima_Shore=Jemima Shore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Demona=Demona
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elliot_Goblet=Elliot Goblet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eugene_the_Jeep=Eugene the Jeep
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ned_Stark=Ned Stark
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henery_Hawk=Henery Hawk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roz_Doyle=Roz Doyle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Klaus_Baudelaire=Klaus Baudelaire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Panchito_Pistoles=Panchito Pistoles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angus_MacGyver=Angus MacGyver
http://dbpedia.org/resource/President_Adar=President Adar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Violet_Baudelaire=Violet Baudelaire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nadia_Santos=Nadia Santos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stierlitz=Stierlitz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toby_the_Tram_Engine=Toby the Tram Engine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Donald_and_Douglas=Donald and Douglas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Twins_(The_Matrix)=Twins (The Matrix)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mina_Harker=Mina Harker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seraph_(The_Matrix)=Seraph (The Matrix)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Neroon=Neroon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Noid=Noid
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Woodsy_Owl=Woodsy Owl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blanche_Devereaux=Blanche Devereaux
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack_Crawford_(character)=Jack Crawford (character)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sunny_Baudelaire=Sunny Baudelaire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Little_Audrey=Little Audrey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Watkyn_Bassett=Watkyn Bassett
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bill_the_Lizard=Bill the Lizard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caterpillar_(Alice's_Adventures_in_Wonderland)=Caterpillar (Alice's Adventures in Wonderland)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sally_Lockhart=Sally Lockhart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Malcolm_Reynolds=Malcolm Reynolds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ryan_Chappelle=Ryan Chappelle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wade_Welles=Wade Welles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rembrandt_Brown=Rembrandt Brown
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Count_Olaf=Count Olaf
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arthur_Poe=Arthur Poe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matt_Santos=Matt Santos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nathaniel_Drinkwater=Nathaniel Drinkwater
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deadwood_Dick=Deadwood Dick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amy_Gardner=Amy Gardner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Calafia=Calafia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Killer_BOB=Killer BOB
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Solar_Pons=Solar Pons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Claudia_(The_Vampire_Chronicles)=Claudia (The Vampire Chronicles)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Doggett=John Doggett
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Hoynes=John Hoynes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Count_Baltar=Count Baltar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gaius_Baltar=Gaius Baltar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fido_Dido=Fido Dido
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orville_the_Duck=Orville the Duck
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Schnappi=Schnappi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kull_of_Atlantis=Kull of Atlantis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cuddles_the_Monkey=Cuddles the Monkey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kyle_Reese=Kyle Reese
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bullwinkle_J._Moose=Bullwinkle J. Moose
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miss_Grundy=Miss Grundy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dawson_Leery=Dawson Leery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lola_Bunny=Lola Bunny
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Klaatu_(The_Day_the_Earth_Stood_Still)=Klaatu (The Day the Earth Stood Still)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jim_Rockford_(television_character)=Jim Rockford (television character)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilma_Flintstone=Wilma Flintstone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joe_Friday=Joe Friday
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Servalan=Servalan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pongo_Twistleton=Pongo Twistleton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mildew_Wolf=Mildew Wolf
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Polychrome_(Oz)=Polychrome (Oz)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lola_Granola=Lola Granola
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caractacus_Pott=Caractacus Pott
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Truly_Scrumptious=Truly Scrumptious
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cameron_Mitchell_(Stargate)=Cameron Mitchell (Stargate)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hooterville_Cannonball=Hooterville Cannonball
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doug_Heffernan=Doug Heffernan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_Denham=Carl Denham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barney_Rubble=Barney Rubble
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Betty_Rubble=Betty Rubble
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zankou=Zankou
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norman_Gunston=Norman Gunston
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mr_Blobby=Mr Blobby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marty_Burns=Marty Burns
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cruella_de_Vil=Cruella de Vil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ward_Cleaver=Ward Cleaver
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eddie_Haskell=Eddie Haskell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dean_Moriarty=Dean Moriarty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Link_Hogthrob=Link Hogthrob
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Melissa_Duck=Melissa Duck
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pacey_Witter=Pacey Witter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angel_Investigations=Angel Investigations
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matt_Foley=Matt Foley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monica_Reyes=Monica Reyes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zoey_Bartlet=Zoey Bartlet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charlie_Croker=Charlie Croker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Morph_(animation)=Morph (animation)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shane_Schofield=Shane Schofield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rex_Buckland=Rex Buckland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hannah_Webster=Hannah Webster
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bimbo_(Fleischer_Studios)=Bimbo (Fleischer Studios)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arnold_Vinick=Arnold Vinick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Screwy_Squirrel=Screwy Squirrel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mrs._Landingham=Mrs. Landingham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jon_Arbuckle=Jon Arbuckle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chris_Halliwell=Chris Halliwell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lucie_Manette=Lucie Manette
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carlotta_(The_Phantom_of_the_Opera)=Carlotta (The Phantom of the Opera)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Melinda_Warren=Melinda Warren
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pinhead_(Hellraiser)=Pinhead (Hellraiser)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vito_Corleone=Vito Corleone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fredo_Corleone=Fredo Corleone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sonny_Corleone=Sonny Corleone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vincent_Corleone=Vincent Corleone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mary_Corleone=Mary Corleone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacob_Marley=Jacob Marley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chilly_Willy=Chilly Willy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Korky_the_Cat=Korky the Cat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leader-1=Leader-1
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Liquor=George Liquor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nessarose=Nessarose
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jia_Baoyu=Jia Baoyu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xue_Pan=Xue Pan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lady_Wang=Lady Wang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wang_Xifeng=Wang Xifeng
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gordon_the_Gopher=Gordon the Gopher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spunky=Spunky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xue_Baochai=Xue Baochai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Qin_Zhong_(Dream_of_the_Red_Chamber)=Qin Zhong (Dream of the Red Chamber)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deborah_Fiderer=Deborah Fiderer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rodney_McKay=Rodney McKay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Sheppard_(Stargate)=John Sheppard (Stargate)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elizabeth_Weir_(Stargate)=Elizabeth Weir (Stargate)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Teela=Teela
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madame_Defarge=Madame Defarge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nancy_(Oliver_Twist)=Nancy (Oliver Twist)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack_Reacher=Jack Reacher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roj_Blake=Roj Blake
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hathi=Hathi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anna_Stern=Anna Stern
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kirsten_Cohen=Kirsten Cohen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Green_Cross_Code=Green Cross Code
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emily_(Thomas_&_Friends)=Emily (Thomas & Friends)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Captain_Alatriste=Captain Alatriste
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barney_Fife=Barney Fife
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carson_Beckett=Carson Beckett
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marita_Covarrubias=Marita Covarrubias
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chase_Edmunds=Chase Edmunds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jake_Featherston=Jake Featherston
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Titus_Crow=Titus Crow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carrie_Bradshaw=Carrie Bradshaw
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ross_O'Carroll-Kelly=Ross O'Carroll-Kelly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Donna_Pinciotti=Donna Pinciotti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lorelai_Gilmore=Lorelai Gilmore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hordak=Hordak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Janet_Wood=Janet Wood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chrissy_Snow=Chrissy Snow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Veronica_Mars_(character)=Veronica Mars (character)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charlie_Eppes=Charlie Eppes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michelle_Dessler=Michelle Dessler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wallace_Fennel=Wallace Fennel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wally_Cleaver=Wally Cleaver
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don_Eppes=Don Eppes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Axel_Foley=Axel Foley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roy_D._Mercer=Roy D. Mercer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Natasha_Fatale=Natasha Fatale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dot_Cotton=Dot Cotton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sebastian_Moran=Sebastian Moran
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lord_Worplesdon=Lord Worplesdon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Honoria_Glossop=Honoria Glossop
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mr._Six=Mr. Six
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Donkey_(Shrek)=Donkey (Shrek)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andy_Taylor_(The_Andy_Griffith_Show)=Andy Taylor (The Andy Griffith Show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Larry_Fleinhardt=Larry Fleinhardt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alan_Eppes=Alan Eppes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keith_Mars=Keith Mars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aunt_Bee=Aunt Bee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rose_Maylie=Rose Maylie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_Brutananadilewski=Carl Brutananadilewski
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sandy_Cohen=Sandy Cohen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/KITT=KITT
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stay_Puft_Marshmallow_Man=Stay Puft Marshmallow Man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ray_Stantz=Ray Stantz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Venkman=Peter Venkman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Egon_Spengler=Egon Spengler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Janine_Melnitz=Janine Melnitz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Winston_Zeddemore=Winston Zeddemore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Debbie_Downer=Debbie Downer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sabrina_Spellman=Sabrina Spellman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dr._Laurence_Erhardt=Dr. Laurence Erhardt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Good_Witch_of_the_North=Good Witch of the North
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sydney_Carton=Sydney Carton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gabby_Gator=Gabby Gator
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sherry_Palmer=Sherry Palmer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andy_Trudeau=Andy Trudeau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boq=Boq
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hailey_Nichol=Hailey Nichol
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Annie_Wilkes=Annie Wilkes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Will_Truman=Will Truman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quincey_Morris=Quincey Morris
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Margaery_Tyrell=Margaery Tyrell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Annie_and_Clarabel=Annie and Clarabel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Victor_Frankenstein=Victor Frankenstein
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gorgon_(Inhuman)=Gorgon (Inhuman)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chet_Morton=Chet Morton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ojo_the_Lucky=Ojo the Lucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Archie_MacDonald_(Monarch_of_the_Glen)=Archie MacDonald (Monarch of the Glen)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lenehan_and_Corley=Lenehan and Corley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Temple=Paul Temple
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Woody_Boyd=Woody Boyd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cindy_%22Mac%22_Mackenzie=Cindy "Mac" Mackenzie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Kelso=Michael Kelso
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steven_Hyde=Steven Hyde
http://dbpedia.org/resource/KARR_(Knight_Rider)=KARR (Knight Rider)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thelma_Harper=Thelma Harper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mr._Mistoffelees=Mr. Mistoffelees
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Captain_Flint=Captain Flint
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grace_Adler=Grace Adler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mombi=Mombi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heat_Miser=Heat Miser
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Snow_Miser=Snow Miser
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don_Lamb=Don Lamb
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Red_Forman=Red Forman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mike_Novick=Mike Novick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Stewart_(comics)=John Stewart (comics)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Delancey=Richard Delancey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stanley_Roper=Stanley Roper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Billina=Billina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fez_(That_'70s_Show)=Fez (That '70s Show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_Hagen=Tom Hagen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dr._Who_(Dalek_films)=Dr. Who (Dalek films)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reptar=Reptar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steve_Austin_(character)=Steve Austin (character)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_of_Baskerville=William of Baskerville
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Castor_Oyl=Castor Oyl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jackie_Burkhart=Jackie Burkhart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rosario_Salazar=Rosario Salazar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack_McFarland=Jack McFarland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ronon_Dex=Ronon Dex
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sayid_Jarrah=Sayid Jarrah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kitty_Forman=Kitty Forman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Radek_Zelenka=Radek Zelenka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Susan_Lewis=Susan Lewis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marvin_Suggs=Marvin Suggs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bran_Mak_Morn=Bran Mak Morn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ivan_Drago=Ivan Drago
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Princess_Fiona=Princess Fiona
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Duchess_(Alice's_Adventures_in_Wonderland)=Duchess (Alice's Adventures in Wonderland)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trey_Atwood=Trey Atwood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Teyla_Emmagan=Teyla Emmagan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chloe_O'Brian=Chloe O'Brian
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Claude_Frollo=Claude Frollo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arthur_Spooner=Arthur Spooner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barquentine_(Gormenghast)=Barquentine (Gormenghast)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zack_Morris=Zack Morris
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jerry_Seinfeld_(character)=Jerry Seinfeld (character)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frau_Farbissina=Frau Farbissina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sadako_Yamamura=Sadako Yamamura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tommy_Westphall=Tommy Westphall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sal_Paradise=Sal Paradise
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kay_Adams-Corleone=Kay Adams-Corleone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Connor=John Connor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grinch=Grinch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doctor_Waldman=Doctor Waldman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marius_de_Romanus=Marius de Romanus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andy_Panda=Andy Panda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Opal_Koboi=Opal Koboi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lieutenant_Hubert_Gruber=Lieutenant Hubert Gruber
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Annabeth_Schott=Annabeth Schott
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrea_Wyatt=Andrea Wyatt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monsieur_Roger_LeClerc=Monsieur Roger LeClerc
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carrie_Heffernan=Carrie Heffernan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Captain_Hans_Geering=Captain Hans Geering
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andy_Sipowicz=Andy Sipowicz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Max_Cady=Max Cady
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Armand_(The_Vampire_Chronicles)=Armand (The Vampire Chronicles)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lovey_Howell=Lovey Howell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wolf_Frankenstein=Wolf Frankenstein
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doctor_Septimus_Pretorius=Doctor Septimus Pretorius
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Milady_de_Winter=Milady de Winter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chef_(South_Park)=Chef (South Park)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Child_Catcher=Child Catcher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ancient_Pistol=Ancient Pistol
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fuchsia_Groan=Fuchsia Groan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benton_Fraser=Benton Fraser
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emmett_Brown=Emmett Brown
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Broxi_Bear=Broxi Bear
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fighting_machine_(The_War_of_the_Worlds)=Fighting machine (The War of the Worlds)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Himu=Himu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nick_Adams_(character)=Nick Adams (character)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dawn_Tinsley=Dawn Tinsley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charlie_Pace=Charlie Pace
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Claire_Littleton=Claire Littleton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack_Shephard=Jack Shephard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kate_Austen=Kate Austen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walt_Lloyd=Walt Lloyd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shannon_Rutherford=Shannon Rutherford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hugo_%22Hurley%22_Reyes=Hugo "Hurley" Reyes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_%22Sawyer%22_Ford=James "Sawyer" Ford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jin-Soo_Kwon=Jin-Soo Kwon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sun-Hwa_Kwon=Sun-Hwa Kwon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jim_Hacker=Jim Hacker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Huggins=Henry Huggins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Serena_van_der_Woodsen=Serena van der Woodsen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heckle_and_Jeckle=Heckle and Jeckle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shego=Shego
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Thunstone=John Thunstone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ali_Imran=Ali Imran
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pinkie_Brown=Pinkie Brown
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vic_Mackey=Vic Mackey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kabumpo=Kabumpo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis_de_Pointe_du_Lac=Louis de Pointe du Lac
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Humphrey_Appleby=Humphrey Appleby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bernard_Woolley=Bernard Woolley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ash_Williams=Ash Williams
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thulsa_Doom=Thulsa Doom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pluto_(Astro_Boy)=Pluto (Astro Boy)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vic_Rattlehead=Vic Rattlehead
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leland_Stottlemeyer=Leland Stottlemeyer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kerry_Weaver=Kerry Weaver
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Regan_MacNeil=Regan MacNeil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baby_Jane_Hudson=Baby Jane Hudson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vala_Mal_Doran=Vala Mal Doran
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sarah_Gamp=Sarah Gamp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bo_Duke=Bo Duke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edd_the_Duck=Edd the Duck
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sharona_Fleming=Sharona Fleming
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gordon_Gekko=Gordon Gekko
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beaker_(Muppet)=Beaker (Muppet)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Honey_West=Honey West
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Murdoc=Murdoc
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ezekiel_%22Easy%22_Rawlins=Ezekiel "Easy" Rawlins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Huangfu_Duan=Huangfu Duan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robita=Robita
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sampson_Brass=Sampson Brass
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luke_Duke=Luke Duke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/River_Tam=River Tam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baroness_Bomburst=Baroness Bomburst
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beatrice_Baudelaire=Beatrice Baudelaire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laura_Roslin=Laura Roslin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Evan_Lorne=Evan Lorne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Byomkesh_Bakshi=Byomkesh Bakshi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blanche_DuBois=Blanche DuBois
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rocko=Rocko
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Log_Lady=Log Lady
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Donna_Hayward=Donna Hayward
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Audrey_Horne=Audrey Horne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dino_(The_Flintstones)=Dino (The Flintstones)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tao_Zongwang=Tao Zongwang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hou_Jian=Hou Jian
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hafen_Slawkenbergius=Hafen Slawkenbergius
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meng_Kang=Meng Kang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Woolsey=Richard Woolsey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kosuke_Kindaichi=Kosuke Kindaichi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ahmad_Kamal_Faridi=Ahmad Kamal Faridi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trudy_Monk=Trudy Monk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Natalie_Teeger=Natalie Teeger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Speaker-to-Animals=Speaker-to-Animals
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angelica_Pickles=Angelica Pickles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tommy_Pickles=Tommy Pickles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leland_Palmer=Leland Palmer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cleveland_Brown=Cleveland Brown
http://dbpedia.org/resource/London_Tipton=London Tipton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Llyra=Llyra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carnacki=Carnacki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martin_Riggs=Martin Riggs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Windom_Earle=Windom Earle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dr._Priestley=Dr. Priestley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dr._Thorndyke=Dr. Thorndyke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shaggy_Man=Shaggy Man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Will_Kane=Will Kane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sajid_Hameed=Sajid Hameed
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brides_of_Dracula=Brides of Dracula
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zodac=Zodac
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harry_Solomon=Harry Solomon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madea=Madea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Xanatos=David Xanatos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samantha_Mulder=Samantha Mulder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dwight_McCarthy=Dwight McCarthy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dayna_Mellanby=Dayna Mellanby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samantha_Taggart=Samantha Taggart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gidget=Gidget
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jedediah_Cleishbotham=Jedediah Cleishbotham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pekkle=Pekkle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alf_Garnett=Alf Garnett
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alex_P._Keaton=Alex P. Keaton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jonathan_Oldbuck=Jonathan Oldbuck
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Egon_Olsen=Egon Olsen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alex_Delaware=Alex Delaware
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Count_Iblis=Count Iblis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bradamante=Bradamante
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mr._Nilsson=Mr. Nilsson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elena_Montero=Elena Montero
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peggy_Jean=Peggy Jean
http://dbpedia.org/resource/King_Randor=King Randor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christian_Troy=Christian Troy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sean_McNamara_(Nip/Tuck)=Sean McNamara (Nip/Tuck)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uncle_Leo=Uncle Leo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bill_Lumbergh=Bill Lumbergh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mammy_Two_Shoes=Mammy Two Shoes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Malagrowther=Malagrowther
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Master_Humphrey=Master Humphrey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doctor_Slop=Doctor Slop
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fantine=Fantine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gradgrind=Gradgrind
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Panurge=Panurge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Julia_McNamara=Julia McNamara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jen_Lindley=Jen Lindley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dryasdust=Dryasdust
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jinjur=Jinjur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Petyr_Baelish=Petyr Baelish
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boone_Carlyle=Boone Carlyle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cosette=Cosette
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gavroche=Gavroche
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Javert=Javert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marius_Pontmercy=Marius Pontmercy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sheelba_of_the_Eyeless_Face=Sheelba of the Eyeless Face
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Locke_(Lost)=John Locke (Lost)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beast_Man=Beast Man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Evil-Lyn=Evil-Lyn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Danny_Concannon=Danny Concannon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joanna_Brady=Joanna Brady
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Dawson_(Lost)=Michael Dawson (Lost)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leroy_Jethro_Gibbs=Leroy Jethro Gibbs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anthony_DiNozzo=Anthony DiNozzo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Timothy_McGee=Timothy McGee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abby_Sciuto=Abby Sciuto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harry_Dresden=Harry Dresden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/List_of_Masters_of_the_Universe_characters=List of Masters of the Universe characters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taiyi_Zhenren=Taiyi Zhenren
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jules_Duchon=Jules Duchon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pete_Beale=Pete Beale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Princess_Jasmine=Princess Jasmine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joey_Stivic=Joey Stivic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Howard_Beale_(Network)=Howard Beale (Network)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pastoria=Pastoria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jak_and_Todd=Jak and Todd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alvin_Kersh=Alvin Kersh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moorthy=Moorthy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arthur_Slugworth=Arthur Slugworth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Clemenza=Peter Clemenza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coach_Ernie_Pantusso=Coach Ernie Pantusso
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rotwang=Rotwang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Adama=William Adama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jones_(Animal_Farm)=Jones (Animal Farm)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tobias_Ragg=Tobias Ragg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heffer_Wolfe=Heffer Wolfe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harmon_Rabb=Harmon Rabb
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baba_Looey=Baba Looey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spleak=Spleak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Garfield_(character)=Garfield (character)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kate_Warner_(character)=Kate Warner (character)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kara_Thrace=Kara Thrace
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Number_Eight_(Battlestar_Galactica)=Number Eight (Battlestar Galactica)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lee_Adama=Lee Adama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karl_Agathon=Karl Agathon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Azazeal=Azazeal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francine_Smith=Francine Smith
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sorceress_of_Castle_Grayskull=Sorceress of Castle Grayskull
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ralph_Furley=Ralph Furley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Steed=John Steed
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ana_Lucia_Cortez=Ana Lucia Cortez
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Hartigan=John Hartigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hoots_the_Owl=Hoots the Owl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carver_(Nip/Tuck)=Carver (Nip/Tuck)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Randy_Disher=Randy Disher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matt_McNamara=Matt McNamara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parker_Pyne=Parker Pyne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Napoleon_Solo=Napoleon Solo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ava_Moore=Ava Moore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jane_Lane_(Daria)=Jane Lane (Daria)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Archie_Morris=Archie Morris
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greg_Pratt=Greg Pratt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Neela_Rasgotra=Neela Rasgotra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dwight_Schrute=Dwight Schrute
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kara_Ben_Nemsi=Kara Ben Nemsi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Du_Wei_(Water_Margin)=Du Wei (Water Margin)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fotherington-Thomas=Fotherington-Thomas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crasher=Crasher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abel_Magwitch=Abel Magwitch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Ritchie_(The_West_Wing)=Robert Ritchie (The West Wing)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cody_Martin=Cody Martin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mr._Moseby=Mr. Moseby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Jefferson=George Jefferson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elizabeth_Lochley=Elizabeth Lochley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dorothy_Zbornak=Dorothy Zbornak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rose_Nylund=Rose Nylund
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_Ayrton=Tom Ayrton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reddy_Kilowatt=Reddy Kilowatt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clawful=Clawful
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stick_Stickly=Stick Stickly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norman_Stansfield=Norman Stansfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dean_Learner=Dean Learner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mr._Eko=Mr. Eko
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gladys_Kravitz=Gladys Kravitz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Li'l_Jinx=Li'l Jinx
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Battle_Cat=Battle Cat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Posca_(Rome_character)=Posca (Rome character)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nestor_Burma=Nestor Burma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iago_(Aladdin)=Iago (Aladdin)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lew_Zealand=Lew Zealand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ryan_Howard_(The_Office)=Ryan Howard (The Office)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Augustus_Hill=Augustus Hill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tobias_Beecher=Tobias Beecher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aunt_Em=Aunt Em
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Darren_Miller=Darren Miller
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frank_Booth_(Blue_Velvet)=Frank Booth (Blue Velvet)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lieutenant_Boomer=Lieutenant Boomer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mitch_Rapp=Mitch Rapp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chucky_Pancamo=Chucky Pancamo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Opie_Taylor=Opie Taylor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Galen_Tyrol=Galen Tyrol
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barbas_(Charmed)=Barbas (Charmed)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saul_Tigh=Saul Tigh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colonel_Tigh=Colonel Tigh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lieutenant_Starbuck=Lieutenant Starbuck
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Captain_Apollo=Captain Apollo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Commander_Adama_(original_Battlestar_Galactica)=Commander Adama (original Battlestar Galactica)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Commander_Cain=Commander Cain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kenny_Wangler=Kenny Wangler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dino_Ortolani=Dino Ortolani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Pitt_(character)=Thomas Pitt (character)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miss_Trunchbull=Miss Trunchbull
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taylor_Townsend_(The_O.C.)=Taylor Townsend (The O.C.)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Grace_(Alias)=Thomas Grace (Alias)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sammy_Terry=Sammy Terry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack_Box=Jack Box
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rachel_Gibson_(Alias)=Rachel Gibson (Alias)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Comet_(DC_Comics)=Comet (DC Comics)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Serina_(Battlestar_Galactica)=Serina (Battlestar Galactica)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Noodle_(Gorillaz)=Noodle (Gorillaz)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mongo_the_Magnificent=Mongo the Magnificent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hungry_Tiger=Hungry Tiger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uncle_Henry_(Oz)=Uncle Henry (Oz)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Professor_Shonku=Professor Shonku
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lalmohan_Ganguly=Lalmohan Ganguly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lou_and_Andy=Lou and Andy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Danielle_Rousseau=Danielle Rousseau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mia_Thermopolis=Mia Thermopolis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nancy_Callahan=Nancy Callahan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_McClane=John McClane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roger_(American_Dad!)=Roger (American Dad!)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marissa_Faireborn=Marissa Faireborn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miss_Mapleton=Miss Mapleton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harry_Pearce=Harry Pearce
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marv_(Sin_City)=Marv (Sin City)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rick_Deckard=Rick Deckard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ronnie_Gardocki=Ronnie Gardocki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Avatars_(Charmed)=Avatars (Charmed)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lucius_Vorenus_(Rome_character)=Lucius Vorenus (Rome character)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Titus_Pullo_(Rome_character)=Titus Pullo (Rome character)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Niobe_of_the_Voreni=Niobe of the Voreni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gaius_Julius_Caesar_(Rome_character)=Gaius Julius Caesar (Rome character)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Erastes_Fulmen=Erastes Fulmen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Octavia_of_the_Julii=Octavia of the Julii
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atia_of_the_Julii=Atia of the Julii
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marcus_Junius_Brutus_(Rome_character)=Marcus Junius Brutus (Rome character)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mark_Antony_(Rome_character)=Mark Antony (Rome character)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cato_the_Younger_(Rome_character)=Cato the Younger (Rome character)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Servilia_of_the_Junii=Servilia of the Junii
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gnaeus_Pompey_Magnus_(Rome_character)=Gnaeus Pompey Magnus (Rome character)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gaius_Octavian_(Rome_character)=Gaius Octavian (Rome character)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Timon_(Rome_character)=Timon (Rome character)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alex_Cross=Alex Cross
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zippy_(Rainbow)=Zippy (Rainbow)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lucy_Westenra=Lucy Westenra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Max_Rockatansky=Max Rockatansky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Derfel_Cadarn_(Warlord_Chronicles)=Derfel Cadarn (Warlord Chronicles)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ursula_(The_Little_Mermaid)=Ursula (The Little Mermaid)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roger_Murtaugh=Roger Murtaugh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francis_Urquhart=Francis Urquhart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wednesday_Addams=Wednesday Addams
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ziva_David=Ziva David
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jamie_Lloyd=Jamie Lloyd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kerchak=Kerchak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Salem_Saberhagen=Salem Saberhagen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edith_Artois=Edith Artois
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harry_Callahan_(character)=Harry Callahan (character)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Darnay=Charles Darnay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bride_(Kill_Bill)=The Bride (Kill Bill)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/List_of_The_Grim_Adventures_of_Billy_&_Mandy_characters=List of The Grim Adventures of Billy & Mandy characters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carly_Witwicky=Carly Witwicky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Granny_Bird=Granny Bird
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Debra_Whitman=Debra Whitman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mr._Calder_and_Mr._Behrens=Mr. Calder and Mr. Behrens
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jaime_Sommers_(The_Bionic_Woman)=Jaime Sommers (The Bionic Woman)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Scott_(The_Office)=Michael Scott (The Office)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leo_(That_'70s_Show)=Leo (That '70s Show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gregory_House=Gregory House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joey_Jeremiah=Joey Jeremiah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bluntman_and_Chronic=Bluntman and Chronic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liz_Cruz=Liz Cruz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gina_Russo=Gina Russo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quentin_Costa=Quentin Costa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ethan_Hunt=Ethan Hunt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caitlin_Ryan=Caitlin Ryan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ghost_of_Christmas_Past=Ghost of Christmas Past
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ghost_of_Christmas_Present=Ghost of Christmas Present
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ghost_of_Christmas_Yet_to_Come=Ghost of Christmas Yet to Come
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cross_Damon=Cross Damon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frank_Pembleton=Frank Pembleton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kaitlin_Cooper=Kaitlin Cooper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Escobar_Gallardo=Escobar Gallardo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wally_(Dilbert)=Wally (Dilbert)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dilbert_(character)=Dilbert (character)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alice_(Dilbert)=Alice (Dilbert)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Asok_(Dilbert)=Asok (Dilbert)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lieutenant_Sheba=Lieutenant Sheba
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lucifer_(Battlestar_Galactica)=Lucifer (Battlestar Galactica)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mike_Kellerman=Mike Kellerman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beau_Felton=Beau Felton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Julianna_Cox=Julianna Cox
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prince_Myshkin=Prince Myshkin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jonathan_Harker=Jonathan Harker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steve_Crosetti=Steve Crosetti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cassiopeia_(Battlestar_Galactica)=Cassiopeia (Battlestar Galactica)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_Zarek=Tom Zarek
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ravage_2099=Ravage 2099
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buddy_Bradley=Buddy Bradley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sonny_Crockett=Sonny Crockett
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dick_Solomon=Dick Solomon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Korak_(character)=Korak (character)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brendan_Filone=Brendan Filone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sebastian_(Disney)=Sebastian (Disney)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gordon_Chen=Gordon Chen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tess_Struan=Tess Struan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chatterer=Chatterer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cap'n_Bill=Cap'n Bill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trot_(Oz)=Trot (Oz)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Female_Cenobite=Female Cenobite
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dr._Neil_Roberts=Dr. Neil Roberts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roger_Chillingworth=Roger Chillingworth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arthur_Dimmesdale=Arthur Dimmesdale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jay_Gatsby=Jay Gatsby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Princess_Iron_Fan=Princess Iron Fan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laurie_Strode=Laurie Strode
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Captain_Mainwaring=Captain Mainwaring
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Josh_Griffiths=Josh Griffiths
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kate_Fansler=Kate Fansler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Secondary_characters_in_Calvin_and_Hobbes=Secondary characters in Calvin and Hobbes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Percy_Fitzwallace=Percy Fitzwallace
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mallory_(Sliders)=Mallory (Sliders)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Felix_Gaeta=Felix Gaeta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vito_Spatafore=Vito Spatafore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matthew_Bevilaqua=Matthew Bevilaqua
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marion_Ravenwood=Marion Ravenwood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sean_Gismonte=Sean Gismonte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jackie_Aprile,_Jr.=Jackie Aprile, Jr.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Borias=Borias
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chan_Ho-nam=Chan Ho-nam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laurel_Takashima=Laurel Takashima
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benjamin_Kyle=Benjamin Kyle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Motley's_Crew=Motley's Crew
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kim_Possible_(character)=Kim Possible (character)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zak_Adama=Zak Adama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goliath_(Gargoyles)=Goliath (Gargoyles)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pam_Beesly-Halpert=Pam Beesly-Halpert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jim_Halpert=Jim Halpert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Curtis_Manning=Curtis Manning
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mother_Courage=Mother Courage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wayne_Palmer=Wayne Palmer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stella_Kowalski=Stella Kowalski
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Poopdeck_Pappy=Poopdeck Pappy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Heller=James Heller
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charlie_Resnick=Charlie Resnick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jimmy_Five=Jimmy Five
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colin_Mallory=Colin Mallory
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_Brown_(character)=Tom Brown (character)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aaron_Pierce_(24_character)=Aaron Pierce (24 character)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inspector_Wexford=Inspector Wexford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jim_Ignatowski=Jim Ignatowski
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jackal_(The_Day_of_the_Jackal)=Jackal (The Day of the Jackal)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frank_Merriwell=Frank Merriwell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Giant_(Twin_Peaks)=The Giant (Twin Peaks)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jigsaw_(Saw)=Jigsaw (Saw)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/2D_(character)=2D (character)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Derek_McCormack=Derek McCormack
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carol_Hathaway=Carol Hathaway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nick_Jordan_(character)=Nick Jordan (character)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martha_Logan=Martha Logan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pete_Junior=Pete Junior
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swee'Pea=Swee'Pea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ares_(Hercules:_The_Legendary_Journies_and_Xena:_Warrior_Princess)=Ares (Hercules: The Legendary Journies and Xena: Warrior Princess)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cissie_and_Ada=Cissie and Ada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brian_Kinney=Brian Kinney
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maggie_Beckett=Maggie Beckett
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gordon_Cresswell=Gordon Cresswell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edgar_Stiles=Edgar Stiles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rev._Augustine_Mulliner=Rev. Augustine Mulliner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Veronica_Townsend=Veronica Townsend
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pagla_Dashu=Pagla Dashu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zac_(Battlestar_Galactica)=Zac (Battlestar Galactica)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sarah_MacKenzie=Sarah MacKenzie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luca_Brasi=Luca Brasi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack_Fisk_(Battlestar_Galactica)=Jack Fisk (Battlestar Galactica)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lady_Penelope_Creighton-Ward=Lady Penelope Creighton-Ward
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ila_(Battlestar_Galactica)=Ila (Battlestar Galactica)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stanley_Bolander=Stanley Bolander
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Audrey_Raines=Audrey Raines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Selene_(Underworld)=Selene (Underworld)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abby_Cadabby=Abby Cadabby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louanne_Katraine=Louanne Katraine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Misterjaw=Misterjaw
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stephanie_Mills_(All_in_the_Family)=Stephanie Mills (All in the Family)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joanie_Cunningham=Joanie Cunningham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chrissie_Williams=Chrissie Williams
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stan_Smith_(American_Dad!)=Stan Smith (American Dad!)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steve_Smith_(American_Dad!)=Steve Smith (American Dad!)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phryne_Fisher=Phryne Fisher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Billie_Jenkins=Billie Jenkins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jason_Cosmo=Jason Cosmo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Illya_Kuryakin=Illya Kuryakin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nate_Fisher=Nate Fisher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Fisher_(Six_Feet_Under)=David Fisher (Six Feet Under)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brenda_Chenowith=Brenda Chenowith
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sergeant_Wilson=Sergeant Wilson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Katy_Keene=Katy Keene
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kerr_Avon=Kerr Avon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vila_Restal=Vila Restal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Olag_Gan=Olag Gan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cally_(Blake's_7)=Cally (Blake's 7)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jenna_Stannis=Jenna Stannis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_(Blake's_7)=Zen (Blake's 7)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hyman_Roth=Hyman Roth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orac_(Blake's_7)=Orac (Blake's 7)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Del_Tarrant=Del Tarrant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Travis_(Blake's_7)=Travis (Blake's 7)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Soolin=Soolin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carmela_Corleone=Carmela Corleone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lance_Stone=Lance Stone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Virgil_Sollozzo=Virgil Sollozzo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Billy_Keikeya=Billy Keikeya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arthur_Read=Arthur Read
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joey_Lucas=Joey Lucas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/India_Wilkes=India Wilkes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lionel_Jefferson=Lionel Jefferson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Aceveda=David Aceveda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pink_Panther_(character)=Pink Panther (character)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lucas_Wolenczak=Lucas Wolenczak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miho_(Sin_City)=Miho (Sin City)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christy_Jenkins=Christy Jenkins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shane_Vendrell=Shane Vendrell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Magicians_of_Xanth=Magicians of Xanth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sabor_(Tarzan)=Sabor (Tarzan)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Malcolm_Struan=Malcolm Struan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ebenezer_Le_Page=Ebenezer Le Page
http://dbpedia.org/resource/X_(The_X-Files)=X (The X-Files)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fox_and_the_Cat=The Fox and the Cat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carey_Martin=Carey Martin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Santiago_(The_Vampire_Chronicles)=Santiago (The Vampire Chronicles)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jill_Taylor=Jill Taylor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zhou_Cang=Zhou Cang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tian_Hu=Tian Hu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Todd_Packer=Todd Packer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A._J._Chegwidden=A. J. Chegwidden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fyodor_Karamazov=Fyodor Karamazov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Murdoc_Niccals=Murdoc Niccals
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wallace_(Sin_City)=Wallace (Sin City)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lance-Corporal_Jones=Lance-Corporal Jones
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harriman_Nelson=Harriman Nelson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Puss_in_Boots_(Shrek)=Puss in Boots (Shrek)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Jones,_Sr.=Henry Jones, Sr.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Private_Walker=Private Walker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Private_Pike=Private Pike
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boomhauer=Boomhauer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Pooter=Charles Pooter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Achilles_Alexandrakis=Achilles Alexandrakis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goober_Pyle=Goober Pyle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Rossi=Michael Rossi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Triad_(Charmed)=Triad (Charmed)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hayley_Smith_(American_Dad!)=Hayley Smith (American Dad!)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Donald_Trefusis=Donald Trefusis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pandora_Braithwaite=Pandora Braithwaite
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_Joad=Tom Joad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Calvin_(Calvin_and_Hobbes)=Calvin (Calvin and Hobbes)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Helen_Crump=Helen Crump
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Curtis_Lemansky=Curtis Lemansky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shi_Bao_(Water_Margin)=Shi Bao (Water Margin)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shrek_(character)=Shrek (character)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/List_of_Blade_Runner_characters=List of Blade Runner characters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fred_G._Sanford=Fred G. Sanford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Magnum=Thomas Magnum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eugene_Debs_Hartke=Eugene Debs Hartke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Winnie_the_Pooh_(Disney)=Winnie the Pooh (Disney)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lisa_Cuddy=Lisa Cuddy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cindy_Bear=Cindy Bear
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chuck_Billy_(Chuck_Billy_'n'_Folks)=Chuck Billy (Chuck Billy 'n' Folks)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Russel_Hobbs=Russel Hobbs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sherman_Cottle=Sherman Cottle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alex_Quartararo=Alex Quartararo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leoben_Conoy=Leoben Conoy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aaron_Doral=Aaron Doral
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ellen_Tigh=Ellen Tigh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samuel_T._Anders=Samuel T. Anders
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michelle_Dubois=Michelle Dubois
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maria_Recamier=Maria Recamier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hobbes_(Calvin_and_Hobbes)=Hobbes (Calvin and Hobbes)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Cavil=John Cavil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ernest_Defarge=Ernest Defarge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/J.D._(Scrubs)=J.D. (Scrubs)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raymond_Vecchio=Raymond Vecchio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Juan_Rico=Juan Rico
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Timon_and_Pumbaa=Timon and Pumbaa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Groke=The Groke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Damien_Karras=Damien Karras
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lambert_Strether=Lambert Strether
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miranda_Hobbes=Miranda Hobbes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Belle_(Disney)=Belle (Disney)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pugsley_Addams=Pugsley Addams
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mandy_(24_character)=Mandy (24 character)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/List_of_Care_Bear_characters=List of Care Bear characters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Private_Frazer=Private Frazer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nancy_Thompson_(A_Nightmare_on_Elm_Street)=Nancy Thompson (A Nightmare on Elm Street)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hera_Agathon=Hera Agathon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alice_Pieszecki=Alice Pieszecki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sidney_Prescott=Sidney Prescott
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Private_Godfrey=Private Godfrey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Catherine_Tramell=Catherine Tramell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jon_Kavanaugh=Jon Kavanaugh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/O-Sensei_(comics)=O-Sensei (comics)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ben_Horne=Ben Horne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sensei_(DC_Comics)=Sensei (DC Comics)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dutch_Wagenbach=Dutch Wagenbach
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sailor_Steve_Costigan=Sailor Steve Costigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rocky_Balboa=Rocky Balboa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bungle_(Rainbow)=Bungle (Rainbow)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jo_Stiles=Jo Stiles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/V._I._Warshawski=V. I. Warshawski
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elizabeth_Wakefield=Elizabeth Wakefield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Butt-head=Butt-head
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jessica_Wakefield=Jessica Wakefield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mr._Flay=Mr. Flay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cindy_Williams_(EastEnders)=Cindy Williams (EastEnders)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Steerforth=James Steerforth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Wilson_(House)=James Wilson (House)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apollo_Creed=Apollo Creed
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jenny_Humphrey=Jenny Humphrey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ennis_Del_Mar=Ennis Del Mar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack_Twist=Jack Twist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rose_and_Bernard_Nadler=Rose and Bernard Nadler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stanley_Kowalski_(Due_South)=Stanley Kowalski (Due South)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Captain_Trips_(Wild_Cards)=Captain Trips (Wild Cards)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Great_and_Powerful_Turtle=Great and Powerful Turtle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dr._Clayton_Forrester_(Mystery_Science_Theater_3000)=Dr. Clayton Forrester (Mystery Science Theater 3000)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Debbie_Martin=Debbie Martin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tony_Gates=Tony Gates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caroline_Todd_(Green_Wing)=Caroline Todd (Green Wing)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bud_Roberts=Bud Roberts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guy_Secretan=Guy Secretan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mac_(Green_Wing)=Mac (Green Wing)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elliot_Reid=Elliot Reid
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christopher_Turk=Christopher Turk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bob_Kelso=Bob Kelso
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Janitor_(Scrubs)=Janitor (Scrubs)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carla_Espinosa=Carla Espinosa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Perry_Cox=Perry Cox
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alan_Statham=Alan Statham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joanna_Clore=Joanna Clore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martin_Dear=Martin Dear
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Salvatore_Tessio=Salvatore Tessio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sue_White=Sue White
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boyce_(Green_Wing)=Boyce (Green Wing)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angela_Hunter=Angela Hunter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harriet_Schulenburg=Harriet Schulenburg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eric_Foreman=Eric Foreman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Allison_Cameron=Allison Cameron
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_(Tarzan)=La (Tarzan)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jane_Porter_(Tarzan)=Jane Porter (Tarzan)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ariel_(The_Little_Mermaid)=Ariel (The Little Mermaid)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kolley_Kibber=Kolley Kibber
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Milo_Pressman=Milo Pressman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quintus_Caecilius_Iucundus=Quintus Caecilius Iucundus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Chase=Robert Chase
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Simon_Iff=Simon Iff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Copperfield_(character)=David Copperfield (character)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Suhail_Akbar=Suhail Akbar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jan_Skrzetuski=Jan Skrzetuski
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rude_Dog=Rude Dog
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fang_Tianding=Fang Tianding
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ava_Lord=Ava Lord
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Molly_Moo-Cow=Molly Moo-Cow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quiller=Quiller
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zach_Stevens=Zach Stevens
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dejah_Thoris=Dejah Thoris
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brak_(character)=Brak (character)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samuel_Loomis=Samuel Loomis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frank_Pentangeli=Frank Pentangeli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mr._Toad=Mr. Toad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karen_Hayes=Karen Hayes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uuno_Turhapuro=Uuno Turhapuro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gay_Robot=Gay Robot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anthony_Corleone=Anthony Corleone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anton_Meyer=Anton Meyer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Desmond_Hume=Desmond Hume
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Cage_(character)=John Cage (character)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ally_McBeal_(character)=Ally McBeal (character)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ben_Linus=Ben Linus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kelly_Peyton=Kelly Peyton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vincent_D'Agosta=Vincent D'Agosta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cousin_Itt=Cousin Itt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Al_Neri=Al Neri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dean_Winchester=Dean Winchester
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caitlin_Pike=Caitlin Pike
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meg_Austin=Meg Austin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kingsley_Royal=Kingsley Royal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tracy_Flick=Tracy Flick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theodore_%22T-Bag%22_Bagwell=Theodore "T-Bag" Bagwell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thelma_Lou=Thelma Lou
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Penelope_Pussycat=Penelope Pussycat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Annie_Sue=Annie Sue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacques_Paganel=Jacques Paganel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Helen_Roper=Helen Roper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Virini=Virini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mimi_Labonq=Mimi Labonq
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Seward=John Seward
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Al_Calavicci=Al Calavicci
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cy_(Cylon)=Cy (Cylon)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Faline=Faline
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eunice_Harper_Higgins=Eunice Harper Higgins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blaise_Jeannot_Andrieux=Blaise Jeannot Andrieux
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robby_Stewart=Robby Stewart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miley_Stewart=Miley Stewart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bill_Henrickson=Bill Henrickson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clifford_(Muppet)=Clifford (Muppet)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coop_(Charmed)=Coop (Charmed)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Magersfontein_Lugg=Magersfontein Lugg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brad_Bellick=Brad Bellick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Kellerman=Paul Kellerman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elizabeth_Bellamy=Elizabeth Bellamy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emilio_Barzini=Emilio Barzini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moe_Greene=Moe Greene
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Esther_Anderson_(Sanford_and_Son)=Esther Anderson (Sanford and Son)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elle_Greenaway=Elle Greenaway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spencer_Reid=Spencer Reid
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Herb_Tarlek=Herb Tarlek
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rhoda_Morgenstern=Rhoda Morgenstern
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colonel_White=Colonel White
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cleveland_Brown,_Jr.=Cleveland Brown, Jr.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kevin_Volchok=Kevin Volchok
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Verdant_Green=Verdant Green
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baigujing=Baigujing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Morris_O'Brian=Morris O'Brian
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cheng_Zhi=Cheng Zhi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mr._Rossi=Mr. Rossi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Latka_Gravas=Latka Gravas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cassidy_Casablancas=Cassidy Casablancas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lightning_McQueen=Lightning McQueen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johnny_Harper=Johnny Harper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kwai_Chang_Caine=Kwai Chang Caine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Odd_Thomas_(character)=Odd Thomas (character)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mayor_West=Mayor West
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xiaoyanzi=Xiaoyanzi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xia_Ziwei=Xia Ziwei
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Skipper=The Skipper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louise_Jefferson=Louise Jefferson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sally_Solomon=Sally Solomon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tommy_Solomon_(3rd_Rock_from_the_Sun)=Tommy Solomon (3rd Rock from the Sun)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lily_Munster=Lily Munster
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marilyn_Munster=Marilyn Munster
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eddie_Munster=Eddie Munster
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madame_Giry=Madame Giry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kevin_Hiatt=Kevin Hiatt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Major_Gowen=Major Gowen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theresa_Diaz=Theresa Diaz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Justin_Taylor=Justin Taylor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sam_Winchester=Sam Winchester
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mr_G=Mr G
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jennifer_Marlowe=Jennifer Marlowe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Gallant=Michael Gallant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Melrose_Plant=Melrose Plant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Draal=Draal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Will_Graham=Will Graham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grundgetta=Grundgetta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crazylegs_Crane=Crazylegs Crane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jessie_(Toy_Story)=Jessie (Toy Story)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stacie_Monroe=Stacie Monroe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taibai_Jinxing=Taibai Jinxing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeffrey_Spender=Jeffrey Spender
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ajak=Ajak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/List_of_ALF_characters=List of ALF characters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mary_Richards=Mary Richards
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phyllis_Lindstrom=Phyllis Lindstrom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sally_Carrera=Sally Carrera
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doc_Hudson=Doc Hudson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cyrene_(Xena:_Warrior_Princess)=Cyrene (Xena: Warrior Princess)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gita_Kapoor=Gita Kapoor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicolette_Grant=Nicolette Grant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barbara_Henrickson=Barbara Henrickson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joey_Zasa=Joey Zasa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mary_Albright=Mary Albright
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lucy_Mancini=Lucy Mancini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don_Fanucci=Don Fanucci
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don_Altobello=Don Altobello
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Annie_McNamara=Annie McNamara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jimmy_McNulty=Jimmy McNulty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cedric_Daniels=Cedric Daniels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mr._Smee=Mr. Smee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joe_Zavala=Joe Zavala
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jubjub_bird=Jubjub bird
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mr._Potter=Mr. Potter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Viscount_Raoul_de_Chagny=Viscount Raoul de Chagny
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Petya_Rostov=Petya Rostov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inspector_Lewis=Inspector Lewis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alex_Kelly_(The_O.C.)=Alex Kelly (The O.C.)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bel_Arvardan=Bel Arvardan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joe_Wilson_(character)=Joe Wilson (character)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Misir_Ali=Misir Ali
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sharon_Davies=Sharon Davies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hermione_Bostock=Hermione Bostock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bette_Porter=Bette Porter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tina_Kennard=Tina Kennard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hoops&Yoyo=Hoops&Yoyo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mitch_Buchannon=Mitch Buchannon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Nameless_One=The Nameless One
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stringer_Bell=Stringer Bell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Avon_Barksdale=Avon Barksdale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shax_(Charmed)=Shax (Charmed)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Bush_(Hornblower)=William Bush (Hornblower)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fulla_(doll)=Fulla (doll)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Herr_Otto_Flick=Herr Otto Flick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shawn_Spencer=Shawn Spencer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gus_(Psych)=Gus (Psych)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Spencer_(Psych)=Henry Spencer (Psych)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alice_the_Goon=Alice the Goon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carlton_Lassiter=Carlton Lassiter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Juliet_O'Hara=Juliet O'Hara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karen_Vick=Karen Vick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nocturna=Nocturna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ugo_Fantozzi=Ugo Fantozzi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ella_Dee=Ella Dee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thelma_Bates=Thelma Bates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Petrelli=Peter Petrelli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johnny_Ola=Johnny Ola
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kay_Howard=Kay Howard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tim_Bayliss=Tim Bayliss
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mistress_Quickly=Mistress Quickly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kimberly_Corman=Kimberly Corman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wendy_Christensen=Wendy Christensen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Imperious_Leader=Imperious Leader
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Guerin=Michael Guerin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Max_Evans_(Roswell)=Max Evans (Roswell)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tess_Harding=Tess Harding
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grace_Santiago=Grace Santiago
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beast_(Disney)=Beast (Disney)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ranger_Smith=Ranger Smith
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Max_Headroom_(character)=Max Headroom (character)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ruby_Romaine=Ruby Romaine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tarini_Khuro=Tarini Khuro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Omar_Little=Omar Little
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bubbles_Yablonsky=Bubbles Yablonsky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kima_Greggs=Kima Greggs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Agent_K=Agent K
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Agent_J=Agent J
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aloysius_(Waugh)=Aloysius (Waugh)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ed_Bighead=Ed Bighead
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Debra_Morgan=Debra Morgan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack_Spratt_(fictional_detective)=Jack Spratt (fictional detective)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aurelio_Zen=Aurelio Zen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kivar_(Roswell)=Kivar (Roswell)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vincent_Chase=Vincent Chase
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nathan_Bridger=Nathan Bridger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ellis_Carver=Ellis Carver
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lester_Freamon=Lester Freamon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Herc=Herc
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eli_(Xena:_Warrior_Princess)=Eli (Xena: Warrior Princess)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stephen_Colbert_(character)=Stephen Colbert (character)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bodie_Broadus=Bodie Broadus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bob_Lee_Swagger=Bob Lee Swagger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Kelly_(NYPD_Blue)=John Kelly (NYPD Blue)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bobby_Simone=Bobby Simone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vanessa_Kensington=Vanessa Kensington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roland_Pryzbylewski=Roland Pryzbylewski
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Les_Nessman=Les Nessman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sandy_Arbuthnot=Sandy Arbuthnot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clear_Rivers=Clear Rivers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_(Rainbow)=George (Rainbow)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gail_Leery=Gail Leery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shawn_Farrell=Shawn Farrell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Filburt=Filburt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Donald_Strachey=Donald Strachey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Larry_Dallas=Larry Dallas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aphrodite_(Hercules:_The_Legendary_Journies_and_Xena:_Warrior_Princess)=Aphrodite (Hercules: The Legendary Journies and Xena: Warrior Princess)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sam_Beckett=Sam Beckett
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tiny_Tim_(A_Christmas_Carol)=Tiny Tim (A Christmas Carol)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joe_Gunther=Joe Gunther
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_Baldwin_(The_4400)=Tom Baldwin (The 4400)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stosh_%22Piz%22_Piznarski=Stosh "Piz" Piznarski
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chuck_Bass=Chuck Bass
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phyllis_Dietrichson=Phyllis Dietrichson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Virgil_Tibbs=Virgil Tibbs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diana_Skouris=Diana Skouris
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amanda_Young=Amanda Young
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maia_Skouris=Maia Skouris
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mangiafuoco=Mangiafuoco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marco_Pacella=Marco Pacella
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Captain_Scarlet_(character)=Captain Scarlet (character)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lord_Rataxes=Lord Rataxes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Li_Tianrun=Li Tianrun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wendy_Darling=Wendy Darling
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sallah=Sallah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Erik_(The_Phantom_of_the_Opera)=Erik (The Phantom of the Opera)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jing-Mei_Chen=Jing-Mei Chen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robby_Jackson=Robby Jackson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_Mahone=Alexander Mahone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marlo_Stanfield=Marlo Stanfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dennis_Ryland=Dennis Ryland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ervin_Burrell=Ervin Burrell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Rawls=William Rawls
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Howard_%22Bunny%22_Colvin=Howard "Bunny" Colvin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stan_Valchek=Stan Valchek
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leander_Sydnor=Leander Sydnor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bunk_Moreland=Bunk Moreland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don_Cheto=Don Cheto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Melinda_Sordino=Melinda Sordino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isabelle_Tyler=Isabelle Tyler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nina_Jarvis=Nina Jarvis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lieutenant_Green=Lieutenant Green
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gilligan_(Gilligan's_Island)=Gilligan (Gilligan's Island)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Tyler_(The_4400)=Richard Tyler (The 4400)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alana_Mareva=Alana Mareva
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jordan_Collier=Jordan Collier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Libby_(Lost)=Libby (Lost)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patricia_Holm=Patricia Holm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jay_Landsman_(The_Wire)=Jay Landsman (The Wire)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samantha_Jones_(Sex_and_the_City)=Samantha Jones (Sex and the City)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Teddy_Altman=Teddy Altman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Herry_Monster=Herry Monster
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Number_Three_(Battlestar_Galactica)=Number Three (Battlestar Galactica)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stacy_Warner=Stacy Warner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arthur_Holmwood=Arthur Holmwood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kyle_Baldwin=Kyle Baldwin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parker_Lee=Parker Lee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kevin_Burkhoff=Kevin Burkhoff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Al_Giardello=Al Giardello
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meldrick_Lewis=Meldrick Lewis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Megan_Russert=Megan Russert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mr._Natural_(comics)=Mr. Natural (comics)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lily_Tyler=Lily Tyler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tess_Doerner=Tess Doerner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Julian_Kestrel=Julian Kestrel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patrick_%22Paddy%22_Dignam=Patrick "Paddy" Dignam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Claud_Eustace_Teal=Claud Eustace Teal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andy_Travis=Andy Travis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/D'Angelo_Barksdale=D'Angelo Barksdale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sandra_Corleone=Sandra Corleone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Robinson_family_(Sesame_Street)=The Robinson family (Sesame Street)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_von_Reisden=Alexander von Reisden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/List_of_View_Askewniverse_characters=List of View Askewniverse characters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Old_Ben=Old Ben
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_(Blackadder)=George (Blackadder)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shane_Scully=Shane Scully
http://dbpedia.org/resource/B._A._Baracus=B. A. Baracus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gale_Weathers=Gale Weathers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mr._Opportunity=Mr. Opportunity
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Venus_Flytrap_(WKRP_in_Cincinnati)=Venus Flytrap (WKRP in Cincinnati)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johnny_%22Drama%22_Chase=Johnny "Drama" Chase
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Turtle_(Entourage)=Turtle (Entourage)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ari_Gold_(Entourage)=Ari Gold (Entourage)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mermaid_Man_and_Barnacle_Boy=Mermaid Man and Barnacle Boy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colonel_Kurt_Von_Strohm=Colonel Kurt Von Strohm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/General_Von_Klinkerhoffen=General Von Klinkerhoffen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Captain_Alberto_Bertorelli=Captain Alberto Bertorelli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/General_Leopold_von_Flockenstuffen=General Leopold von Flockenstuffen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Private_Helga_Geerhart=Private Helga Geerhart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Herr_Engelbert_Von_Smallhausen=Herr Engelbert Von Smallhausen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monsieur_Ernest_LeClerc=Monsieur Ernest LeClerc
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monsieur_Alfonse=Monsieur Alfonse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Recurring_Characters_in_the_Hercule_Poirot_stories=Recurring Characters in the Hercule Poirot stories
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arthur_Carlson=Arthur Carlson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/List_of_Looney_Tunes_and_Merrie_Melodies_characters=List of Looney Tunes and Merrie Melodies characters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sandokan=Sandokan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Professor_(Gilligan's_Island)=The Professor (Gilligan's Island)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frank_Drebin=Frank Drebin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Terri_Alden=Terri Alden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Publius_Aurelius=Publius Aurelius
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Betty_Suarez=Betty Suarez
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilhelmina_Slater=Wilhelmina Slater
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hilda_Suarez=Hilda Suarez
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Max_Guevara=Max Guevara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Wallace_Murry=Charles Wallace Murry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_Passepartout=Jean Passepartout
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tommy_Carcetti=Tommy Carcetti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meg_Murry=Meg Murry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Calvin_O'Keefe=Calvin O'Keefe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Polly_O'Keefe=Polly O'Keefe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hilda_Spellman=Hilda Spellman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zelda_Spellman=Zelda Spellman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yvette_Carte-Blanche=Yvette Carte-Blanche
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madame_Fanny_La_Fan=Madame Fanny La Fan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Denise_Laroque=Denise Laroque
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clarence_Royce=Clarence Royce
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norman_Wilson_(The_Wire)=Norman Wilson (The Wire)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bubbles_(The_Wire)=Bubbles (The Wire)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ziggy_Sobotka=Ziggy Sobotka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frank_Sobotka=Frank Sobotka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nick_Sobotka=Nick Sobotka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spiros_Vondas=Spiros Vondas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Greek=The Greek
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daniel_Meade=Daniel Meade
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ignacio_Suarez=Ignacio Suarez
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wee-Bey_Brice=Wee-Bey Brice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Proposition_Joe=Proposition Joe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Poot_(The_Wire)=Poot (The Wire)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dennis_%22Cutty%22_Wise=Dennis "Cutty" Wise
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beadie_Russell=Beadie Russell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bill_Buchanan=Bill Buchanan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Logan_(24_character)=Charles Logan (24 character)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Palmer_(24_character)=David Palmer (24 character)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Polynikes=Polynikes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baron_Bomburst=Baron Bomburst
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_seamstress_(A_Tale_of_Two_Cities)=The seamstress (A Tale of Two Cities)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RoboCop_(character)=RoboCop (character)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swift_Wind=Swift Wind
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Munna_Bhai=Munna Bhai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stephanie_(LazyTown)=Stephanie (LazyTown)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bloat_(Wild_Cards)=Bloat (Wild Cards)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Janetta_Walters=Janetta Walters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nathan_Petrelli=Nathan Petrelli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Superintendent_Battle=Superintendent Battle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ralph_Malph=Ralph Malph
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Al_Delvecchio=Al Delvecchio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chachi_Arcola=Chachi Arcola
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Potsie_Weber=Potsie Weber
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richie_Cunningham=Richie Cunningham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Claire_Bennet=Claire Bennet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cindy_Snow=Cindy Snow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hiro_Nakamura=Hiro Nakamura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isaac_Mendez=Isaac Mendez
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mohinder_Suresh=Mohinder Suresh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Niki_Sanders=Niki Sanders
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dave_Malucci=Dave Malucci
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cardinal_Lamberto=Cardinal Lamberto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack_Malone=Jack Malone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kathleen_Mallory=Kathleen Mallory
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samantha_Spade=Samantha Spade
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dexter_Morgan=Dexter Morgan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martin_Fitzgerald_(Without_a_Trace)=Martin Fitzgerald (Without a Trace)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vivian_Johnson=Vivian Johnson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Danny_Taylor_(Without_a_Trace)=Danny Taylor (Without a Trace)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Decker=Peter Decker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rina_Lazarus=Rina Lazarus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cindy_Decker=Cindy Decker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bobo_the_Bear=Bobo the Bear
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johnny_Fiama=Johnny Fiama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matt_Parkman=Matt Parkman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Auguste_Lupa=Auguste Lupa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anastasia_Dualla=Anastasia Dualla
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ling_Woo=Ling Woo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Connie_Beauchamp=Connie Beauchamp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Winchester_(Supernatural)=John Winchester (Supernatural)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Juliet_Burke=Juliet Burke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_Bat=Black Bat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Byron_(Babylon_5)=Byron (Babylon 5)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eric_Murphy=Eric Murphy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sylar=Sylar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Billy_the_Puppet_(Saw)=Billy the Puppet (Saw)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jimmy_%22Popeye%22_Doyle=Jimmy "Popeye" Doyle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeanie_Boulet=Jeanie Boulet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kevin_(Sin_City)=Kevin (Sin City)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/J.T._Yorke=J.T. Yorke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Coachman=The Coachman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Terrible_Dogfish=The Terrible Dogfish
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Azazel_(Supernatural)=Azazel (Supernatural)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Micah_Sanders=Micah Sanders
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_%22Hannibal%22_Smith=John "Hannibal" Smith
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Templeton_Peck=Templeton Peck
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Howling_Mad_Murdock=Howling Mad Murdock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Margaret_Thatcher_(Due_South)=Margaret Thatcher (Due South)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eberhard_Mock=Eberhard Mock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meg_Masters=Meg Masters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Simone_Deveaux=Simone Deveaux
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nikki_and_Paulo=Nikki and Paulo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Forrest_Gump_(character)=Forrest Gump (character)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dave_Robicheaux=Dave Robicheaux
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harriet_Hayes=Harriet Hayes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jake_%22the_Muss%22_Heke=Jake "the Muss" Heke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jordan_McDeere=Jordan McDeere
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Slappy_the_Dummy=Slappy the Dummy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tantor=Tantor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/D._L._Hawkins=D. L. Hawkins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Derek_Shepherd=Derek Shepherd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adam_Carter=Adam Carter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ellen_Harvelle=Ellen Harvelle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jo_Harvelle=Jo Harvelle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tucker_Clellan=Tucker Clellan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bobby_Singer=Bobby Singer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ruth_Evershed=Ruth Evershed
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colin_Wells_(Spooks)=Colin Wells (Spooks)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Pan=Peter Pan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_Quinn_(Spooks)=Tom Quinn (Spooks)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Malcolm_Wynn-Jones=Malcolm Wynn-Jones
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fiona_Carter=Fiona Carter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Riley_Freeman=Riley Freeman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meredith_Grey=Meredith Grey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miranda_Bailey=Miranda Bailey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alex_Karev=Alex Karev
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Izzie_Stevens=Izzie Stevens
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cristina_Yang=Cristina Yang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Webber=Richard Webber
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Callie_Torres=Callie Torres
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_O'Malley=George O'Malley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Addison_Montgomery=Addison Montgomery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hassling-Ketling_of_Elgin=Hassling-Ketling of Elgin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ando_Masahashi=Ando Masahashi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zafar_Younis=Zafar Younis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Juliet_Shaw=Juliet Shaw
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anna_Del_Amico=Anna Del Amico
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zoe_Reynolds=Zoe Reynolds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Wemmick=John Wemmick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Noah_Bennet=Noah Bennet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adam_Eddington=Adam Eddington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kristin_Westphalen=Kristin Westphalen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Derek_Morgan_(Criminal_Minds)=Derek Morgan (Criminal Minds)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jennifer_Jareau=Jennifer Jareau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aaron_Hotchner=Aaron Hotchner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angela_Montenegro=Angela Montenegro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fezziwig=Fezziwig
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kenneth_Widmerpool=Kenneth Widmerpool
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Danny_Hunter=Danny Hunter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nadia_Yassir=Nadia Yassir
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nibbles_(Tom_and_Jerry)=Nibbles (Tom and Jerry)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jo_Portman=Jo Portman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ros_Myers=Ros Myers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vicky_Austin=Vicky Austin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Officer_Crabtree=Officer Crabtree
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lt._Fairfax_and_Lt._Carstairs=Lt. Fairfax and Lt. Carstairs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Leithen=Edward Leithen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shi_Xiangyun=Shi Xiangyun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Larue_Wilson=Larue Wilson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Penny_Widmore=Penny Widmore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fagin=Fagin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/List_of_Babylon_5_characters=List of Babylon 5 characters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eric_Matthews_(Saw)=Eric Matthews (Saw)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alby_Grant=Alby Grant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alex_Rider_(character)=Alex Rider (character)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andy_Bernard=Andy Bernard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karen_Filippelli=Karen Filippelli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Creed_Bratton_(character)=Creed Bratton (character)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kevin_Malone=Kevin Malone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oscar_Martinez_(The_Office)=Oscar Martinez (The Office)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angela_Martin=Angela Martin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stanley_Hudson=Stanley Hudson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meredith_Palmer=Meredith Palmer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phyllis_Lapin-Vance=Phyllis Lapin-Vance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kelly_Kapoor=Kelly Kapoor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roy_Anderson_(The_Office)=Roy Anderson (The Office)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Darryl_Philbin=Darryl Philbin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jan_Levinson=Jan Levinson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toby_Flenderson=Toby Flenderson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zachary_Gray=Zachary Gray
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Simon_'Bigmac'_Wrigley=Simon 'Bigmac' Wrigley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jonathan_Higgins=Jonathan Higgins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adham_Sabri=Adham Sabri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ricote_(Don_Quixote)=Ricote (Don Quixote)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glass_Cat=Glass Cat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cleo_Finch=Cleo Finch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kath_Day-Knight=Kath Day-Knight
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kim_Craig=Kim Craig
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brett_Craig=Brett Craig
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mary_Poppins_(character)=Mary Poppins (character)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scott_Tracy=Scott Tracy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Virgil_Tracy=Virgil Tracy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Tracy_(Thunderbirds)=John Tracy (Thunderbirds)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gordon_Tracy=Gordon Tracy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alan_Tracy=Alan Tracy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Si_Xingfang=Si Xingfang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kala_(Tarzan)=Kala (Tarzan)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Huey_Freeman=Huey Freeman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bambi_(character)=Bambi (character)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buster_Kilrain=Buster Kilrain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Haitian_(Heroes)=Haitian (Heroes)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Transporter_(franchise)=Transporter (franchise)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sherman_Klump=Sherman Klump
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mr._Finchley=Mr. Finchley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Justin_Suarez=Justin Suarez
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bradford_Meade=Bradford Meade
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeff_Tracy=Jeff Tracy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christina_McKinney=Christina McKinney
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liz_Lemon=Liz Lemon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tracy_Jordan=Tracy Jordan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amanda_Tanen=Amanda Tanen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marc_St._James=Marc St. James
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jenna_Maroney=Jenna Maroney
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Briareos_Hecatonchires=Briareos Hecatonchires
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thumper_(Bambi)=Thumper (Bambi)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kenneth_Parcell=Kenneth Parcell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aladdin_(Disney_character)=Aladdin (Disney character)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ned_Nickerson=Ned Nickerson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack_Donaghy=Jack Donaghy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Namond_Brice=Namond Brice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Lee_(The_Wire)=Michael Lee (The Wire)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Fayne=George Fayne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Randy_Wagstaff=Randy Wagstaff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Duquan_%22Dukie%22_Weems=Duquan "Dukie" Weems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cleopatra_Wong=Cleopatra Wong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mickey_Goldmill=Mickey Goldmill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kelly_Jenkins=Kelly Jenkins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grotbags=Grotbags
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carson_Drew=Carson Drew
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Grubstick=Henry Grubstick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Claire_Meade=Claire Meade
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_Lennox=Tom Lennox
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trio_(Buffy_the_Vampire_Slayer)=Trio (Buffy the Vampire Slayer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Caesar=Michael Caesar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uncle_Ruckus=Uncle Ruckus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lucifer_Box=Lucifer Box
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chen_Zhen_(character)=Chen Zhen (character)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bella_Swan=Bella Swan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Asterix_(character)=Asterix (character)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kenny_Shea=Kenny Shea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johnny_Gavin_(Rescue_Me)=Johnny Gavin (Rescue Me)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Count_Dracula=Count Dracula
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carrie_White=Carrie White
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lily_Aldrin=Lily Aldrin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robin_Scherbatsky=Robin Scherbatsky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Margaret_White=Margaret White
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beezus_Quimby=Beezus Quimby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ramona_Quimby=Ramona Quimby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mr._Robert_Quimby=Mr. Robert Quimby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Howie_Kemp=Howie Kemp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Susan_Kushner=Susan Kushner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lord_Glenarvan=Lord Glenarvan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Betsey_Trotwood=Betsey Trotwood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sue_Snell=Sue Snell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jellylorum=Jellylorum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_the_Janitor=George the Janitor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carlito_Brigante=Carlito Brigante
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Todros=David Todros
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lana_Shields=Lana Shields
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kel_Knight=Kel Knight
http://dbpedia.org/resource/List_of_Robin_Hood_(2006_TV_series)_characters=List of Robin Hood (2006 TV series) characters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/C._J._Parker=C. J. Parker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sharon_Strzelecki=Sharon Strzelecki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Burt_Gummer=Burt Gummer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sheriff_Woody=Sheriff Woody
http://dbpedia.org/resource/List_of_supporting_A_Series_of_Unfortunate_Events_characters=List of supporting A Series of Unfortunate Events characters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clay_Davis=Clay Davis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maurice_Levy_(The_Wire)=Maurice Levy (The Wire)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kathryn_Merteuil=Kathryn Merteuil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hitchhiker's_Guide_to_the_Galaxy_(fictional)=The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy (fictional)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shadow_Fists=Shadow Fists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grand_High_Witch=Grand High Witch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pig_Bodine=Pig Bodine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beaver_Cleaver=Beaver Cleaver
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexis_Meade=Alexis Meade
http://dbpedia.org/resource/List_of_Tru_Calling_characters=List of Tru Calling characters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elektro_(comics)=Elektro (comics)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Margaret_Hale=Margaret Hale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bigan_(Shang_minister)=Bigan (Shang minister)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Preston_Burke=Preston Burke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mei_Bo=Mei Bo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beauregard_(Muppet)=Beauregard (Muppet)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mei_Wu=Mei Wu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jellia_Jamb=Jellia Jamb
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brody_Davis=Brody Davis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liz_Parker=Liz Parker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Troy_Tatterton=Troy Tatterton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isabel_Evans=Isabel Evans
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maria_DeLuca=Maria DeLuca
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chao_Lei=Chao Lei
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cleopatra_(Rome_character)=Cleopatra (Rome character)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eirene_(Rome_character)=Eirene (Rome character)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bao_Daoyi=Bao Daoyi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sheriff_Jim_Valenti=Sheriff Jim Valenti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kyle_Valenti=Kyle Valenti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aniu=Aniu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tony_Stonem=Tony Stonem
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yunzhongzi=Yunzhongzi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shang_Rong=Shang Rong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zhao_Qi_(Fengshen_Yanyi)=Zhao Qi (Fengshen Yanyi)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amita_Ramanujan=Amita Ramanujan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Megan_Reeves=Megan Reeves
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paulie_Pennino=Paulie Pennino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/List_of_The_Nightmare_Before_Christmas_characters=List of The Nightmare Before Christmas characters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brenda_Leigh_Johnson=Brenda Leigh Johnson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harry_the_Hornet=Harry the Hornet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ao_Bing=Ao Bing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karrin_Murphy=Karrin Murphy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lady_Yin=Lady Yin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Muviro=Muviro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tafazzi=Tafazzi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barry_O'Hanlon=Barry O'Hanlon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dorcon=Dorcon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/King_Grayskull=King Grayskull
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Cullen=Edward Cullen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spike_and_Tyke_(characters)=Spike and Tyke (characters)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alonzo_(cat)=Alonzo (cat)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Song_Yiren=Song Yiren
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fartman_(Howard_Stern)=Fartman (Howard Stern)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/List_of_NX_Files_characters=List of NX Files characters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liu_Qian_(Fengshen_Yanyi)=Liu Qian (Fengshen Yanyi)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Li_Gen_(Fengshen_Yanyi)=Li Gen (Fengshen Yanyi)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frank_the_Pug=Frank the Pug
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angela_Petrelli=Angela Petrelli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wenshu_Guangfa_Tianzun=Wenshu Guangfa Tianzun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jane_Eyre_(character)=Jane Eyre (character)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kakababu=Kakababu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pipa_Jing=Pipa Jing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jiao_Ge=Jiao Ge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Five_Colored-Face_Devils=The Five Colored-Face Devils
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Sinclair_(Numbers)=David Sinclair (Numbers)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colby_Granger=Colby Granger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Randeng_Daoren=Randeng Daoren
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yang_Ren_(Fengshen_Yanyi)=Yang Ren (Fengshen Yanyi)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Qingxu_Daode_Zhenjun=Qingxu Daode Zhenjun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fang_Brothers=The Fang Brothers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adrian_Pennino=Adrian Pennino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saghira=Saghira
http://dbpedia.org/resource/List_of_Ice_Age_characters=List of Ice Age characters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cassie_Ainsworth=Cassie Ainsworth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maxxie_Oliver=Maxxie Oliver
http://dbpedia.org/resource/San_Yisheng=San Yisheng
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jal_Fazer=Jal Fazer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sid_Jenkins=Sid Jenkins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michelle_Richardson=Michelle Richardson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lu_Xiong_(Fengshen_Yanyi)=Lu Xiong (Fengshen Yanyi)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chong_Heihu=Chong Heihu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chong_Yingbiao=Chong Yingbiao
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Gruesomes_(The_Flintstones)=The Gruesomes (The Flintstones)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Melinda_Gordon=Melinda Gordon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zheng_Lun_(Fengshen_Yanyi)=Zheng Lun (Fengshen Yanyi)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leizhenzi=Leizhenzi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jiang_Huan_(Fengshen_Yanyi)=Jiang Huan (Fengshen Yanyi)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Frankenstones=The Frankenstones
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mr._&_Mrs._J._Evil_Scientist=Mr. & Mrs. J. Evil Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shen_Jie_(Fengshen_Yanyi)=Shen Jie (Fengshen Yanyi)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pocahontas_(Disney)=Pocahontas (Disney)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Billy_Bones=Billy Bones
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dr._Livesey_(character)=Dr. Livesey (character)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anwar_Kharral=Anwar Kharral
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chris_Miles_(Skins)=Chris Miles (Skins)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Captain_Blue_(Captain_Scarlet)=Captain Blue (Captain Scarlet)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jiutou_Zhiji_Jing=Jiutou Zhiji Jing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chief_Blue_Meanie=Chief Blue Meanie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kyla_Tyson=Kyla Tyson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louie_Russo=Louie Russo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patsy_Stone=Patsy Stone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Annie_Cartwright=Annie Cartwright
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harriet_Sims=Harriet Sims
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seeley_Booth=Seeley Booth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zack_Addy=Zack Addy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack_Hodgins_(Bones)=Jack Hodgins (Bones)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Huang_Yuanji=Huang Yuanji
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Buquet=Joseph Buquet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wen_Zhong_(Shang_dynasty)=Wen Zhong (Shang dynasty)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sepulchrave=Sepulchrave
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abra_Durant=Abra Durant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heathcliff_(Wuthering_Heights)=Heathcliff (Wuthering Heights)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arthur_Fancy=Arthur Fancy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Captain_Phoebus=Captain Phoebus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rhonda_Pearlman=Rhonda Pearlman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chen_Tong_(Fengshen_Yanyi)=Chen Tong (Fengshen Yanyi)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_Friendly=Tom Friendly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Romo_Lampkin=Romo Lampkin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sookie_Stackhouse=Sookie Stackhouse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jimmy_Bond=Jimmy Bond
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christian_Shephard=Christian Shephard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Huang_Gun=Huang Gun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Danny_Shea_(The_Godfather)=Danny Shea (The Godfather)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Billy_Van_Arsdale=Billy Van Arsdale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gene_Hunt=Gene Hunt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alex_Rousseau=Alex Rousseau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ji_Shuqian=Ji Shuqian
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dubois_family=Dubois family
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Juan_Cabrillo_(character)=Juan Cabrillo (character)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Effy_Stonem=Effy Stonem
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zhang_Guifang=Zhang Guifang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fat_Bastard_(character)=Fat Bastard (character)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oswald_Bastable=Oswald Bastable
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shell_Scott=Shell Scott
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adam_Bede_(character)=Adam Bede (character)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mark_Sloan_(Grey's_Anatomy)=Mark Sloan (Grey's Anatomy)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/List_of_Primeval_characters=List of Primeval characters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Randy_and_Sharon_Marsh=Randy and Sharon Marsh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gerald_and_Sheila_Broflovski=Gerald and Sheila Broflovski
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Runway_(Transformers)=Runway (Transformers)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Galt=John Galt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deng_Zhong_(Fengshen_Yanyi)=Deng Zhong (Fengshen Yanyi)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sam_Tyler=Sam Tyler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Figaro_(Disney)=Figaro (Disney)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chev_Chelios=Chev Chelios
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mickey_Shea=Mickey Shea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lois_Lane_(Smallville)=Lois Lane (Smallville)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacob_Black=Jacob Black
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tars_Tarkas=Tars Tarkas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Santanico_Pandemonium=Santanico Pandemonium
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rei_Shimura=Rei Shimura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wally_Walrus=Wally Walrus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carmen_Sandiego_(character)=Carmen Sandiego (character)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/List_of_Drive_characters=List of Drive characters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_%22Crocodile%22_Dundee=Michael "Crocodile" Dundee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ricardo_Tubbs=Ricardo Tubbs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jac_Naylor=Jac Naylor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Faye_Morton=Faye Morton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Delicious_One=The Delicious One
http://dbpedia.org/resource/King_of_Hearts_(Alice's_Adventures_in_Wonderland)=King of Hearts (Alice's Adventures in Wonderland)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ric_Griffin=Ric Griffin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elliot_Hope=Elliot Hope
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gwendolen_Harleth=Gwendolen Harleth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pope_Urban_X=Pope Urban X
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jesse_Stone_(character)=Jesse Stone (character)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madicken=Madicken
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lena_Kaligaris=Lena Kaligaris
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carmen_Lowell=Carmen Lowell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Adams_(character)=James Adams (character)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charlotte_York_Goldenblatt=Charlotte York Goldenblatt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Slim_Charles=Slim Charles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christine_Campbell_(character)=Christine Campbell (character)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/List_of_Roseanne_characters=List of Roseanne characters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Byrne_(Holby_City)=Joseph Byrne (Holby City)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patron-Minette=Patron-Minette
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mark_Williams_(Holby_City)=Mark Williams (Holby City)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sam_Strachan=Sam Strachan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Donna_Jackson=Donna Jackson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maddy_Young=Maddy Young
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maria_Kendall=Maria Kendall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lucy_and_Ricky_Ricardo=Lucy and Ricky Ricardo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Becky_Sharp_(character)=Becky Sharp (character)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Penny_Halliwell=Penny Halliwell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lumpy_Rutherford=Lumpy Rutherford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Niklaren_Goldeye=Niklaren Goldeye
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gargamel=Gargamel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sethurama_Iyer=Sethurama Iyer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Myrtle_Anagnostou=Myrtle Anagnostou
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matt_Freeman_(Power_of_Five)=Matt Freeman (Power of Five)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fred_Rutherford=Fred Rutherford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lexie_Grey=Lexie Grey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ethan_Kanin=Ethan Kanin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matt_Saracen=Matt Saracen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jason_Street=Jason Street
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Alpert_(Lost)=Richard Alpert (Lost)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pazuzu_(The_Exorcist)=Pazuzu (The Exorcist)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Keenan_(Holby_Blue)=John Keenan (Holby Blue)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Felix_Phoenix=Felix Phoenix
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hector_Anagnostou=Hector Anagnostou
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dormouse=The Dormouse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mouse_(Alice's_Adventures_in_Wonderland)=Mouse (Alice's Adventures in Wonderland)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kim_Bauer=Kim Bauer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aphrodite_Aperyi=Aphrodite Aperyi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stefanos_Doukas=Stefanos Doukas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uran_(character)=Uran (character)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vera_Douka=Vera Douka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rooster_Cogburn_(character)=Rooster Cogburn (character)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meghan_Doyle=Meghan Doyle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ronald_Reagan_in_fiction=Ronald Reagan in fiction
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fowl_family_(Artemis_Fowl)=Fowl family (Artemis Fowl)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/List_of_Home_Improvement_characters=List of Home Improvement characters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jareth=Jareth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Temperance_%22Bones%22_Brennan=Temperance "Bones" Brennan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paulie_Gualtieri=Paulie Gualtieri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Criminologist_(character)=The Criminologist (character)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Teri_Bauer=Teri Bauer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harry_%22Scud%22_East=Harry "Scud" East
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hunt_Stockwell=Hunt Stockwell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Bellamy=James Bellamy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Violet_Turner=Violet Turner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sergeant_Hathaway=Sergeant Hathaway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dwight_Harris=Dwight Harris
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chris_Partlow=Chris Partlow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fantomah=Fantomah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eric_Taylor_(Friday_Night_Lights)=Eric Taylor (Friday Night Lights)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nikolai_Rostov=Nikolai Rostov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jan_Fabel=Jan Fabel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moondoggie=Moondoggie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kurt_Barlow=Kurt Barlow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Helen_Lawson=Helen Lawson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Raith=Thomas Raith
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tiana_(Disney)=Tiana (Disney)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buck_Frobisher=Buck Frobisher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meggie_Folchart=Meggie Folchart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deirdre_'Dash'_McKinley=Deirdre 'Dash' McKinley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Enjolras=Enjolras
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frank_Gordon=Frank Gordon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frank_Holloway=Frank Holloway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rachel_Goldstein=Rachel Goldstein
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack_Christey=Jack Christey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Reilly_(fictional_detective)=Michael Reilly (fictional detective)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alex_St._Clare=Alex St. Clare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diana_Villiers=Diana Villiers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tami_Taylor=Tami Taylor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nasty_Canasta=Nasty Canasta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Julien_Lowe=Julien Lowe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Danielle_Sofer=Danielle Sofer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Claudette_Wyms=Claudette Wyms
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Will_Pope=Will Pope
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mrs_Fox=Mrs Fox
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Naomi_Bennett=Naomi Bennett
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sam_Bennett_(Private_Practice)=Sam Bennett (Private Practice)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aloysius_Parker=Aloysius Parker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andy_Flynn=Andy Flynn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louie_Provenza=Louie Provenza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Russell_Taylor_(The_Closer)=Russell Taylor (The Closer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Julio_Sanchez_(The_Closer)=Julio Sanchez (The Closer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brains_(Thunderbirds)=Brains (Thunderbirds)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Irene_Daniels=Irene Daniels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cooper_Freedman=Cooper Freedman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Westen=Michael Westen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fiona_Glenanne=Fiona Glenanne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madeline_Westen=Madeline Westen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sam_Axe=Sam Axe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/List_of_The_Brittas_Empire_characters=List of The Brittas Empire characters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jiang_Meng=Jiang Meng
http://dbpedia.org/resource/List_of_Chaotic_characters=List of Chaotic characters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jayne_Grayson=Jayne Grayson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/List_of_Burn_Notice_characters=List of Burn Notice characters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shell_Dockley=Shell Dockley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monica_Rawling=Monica Rawling
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Pienaar=Peter Pienaar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Allison_Taylor=Allison Taylor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Catherine_Earnshaw=Catherine Earnshaw
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lord_Jeremy_Pimpole=Lord Jeremy Pimpole
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buzz_Buzzard=Buzz Buzzard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Terri_Stivers=Terri Stivers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laura_Ballard=Laura Ballard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roger_Gaffney=Roger Gaffney
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seth_Gecko=Seth Gecko
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roman_Grant=Roman Grant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rhonda_Volmer=Rhonda Volmer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Bosley_(Charlie's_Angels)=John Bosley (Charlie's Angels)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Turbo_(Gobots)=Turbo (Gobots)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scooter_(Gobots)=Scooter (Gobots)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Smash_Williams=Smash Williams
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rafael_%22Rafi%22_Alvarez=Rafael "Rafi" Alvarez
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Peachfuzz=Peter Peachfuzz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tessa_Phillips=Tessa Phillips
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ben_Henrickson=Ben Henrickson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_Waverly=Alexander Waverly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cheng_Chao-an=Cheng Chao-an
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pete_Wilder=Pete Wilder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chiao_Mei=Chiao Mei
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jennifer_Keller=Jennifer Keller
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jinnicky_the_Red_Jinn=Jinnicky the Red Jinn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eureka_(Oz)=Eureka (Oz)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kommissar_X=Kommissar X
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pamela_Moran=Pamela Moran
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roxy_LeBlanc=Roxy LeBlanc
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steve_Harrison_(character)=Steve Harrison (character)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/List_of_The_Hardy_Boys_characters=List of The Hardy Boys characters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/El_Borak=El Borak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Janis_Gold=Janis Gold
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nekron=Nekron
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boo-Boo_Bear=Boo-Boo Bear
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Conor_Larkin=Conor Larkin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emma_Harte=Emma Harte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mr._Big_(Sex_and_the_City)=Mr. Big (Sex and the City)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Dough=John Dough
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dorothy_Wainwright=Dorothy Wainwright
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mrs._Kensington=Mrs. Kensington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Bourne=Michael Bourne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clive_Lyle=Clive Lyle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Renee_Walker=Renee Walker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deandra_Reynolds=Deandra Reynolds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marcus_Dixon_(Alias)=Marcus Dixon (Alias)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edina_Monsoon=Edina Monsoon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bunsen_Honeydew=Bunsen Honeydew
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Terry_McCaleb=Terry McCaleb
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oliver_Twist_(character)=Oliver Twist (character)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hodge-Podge_(comics)=Hodge-Podge (comics)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/T-Bob=T-Bob
http://dbpedia.org/resource/List_of_The_Lion_King_characters=List of The Lion King characters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uhtred_of_Bebbanburg=Uhtred of Bebbanburg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Soldier_with_the_Green_Whiskers=Soldier with the Green Whiskers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/List_of_Monk_characters=List of Monk characters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicholas_Fandorin=Nicholas Fandorin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bernice_Waverley=Bernice Waverley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Natty_Bumppo=Natty Bumppo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stanley_Wolfe=Stanley Wolfe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maya_Herrera=Maya Herrera
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monica_Dawson=Monica Dawson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_Jack_(character)=Black Jack (character)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nasedo=Nasedo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cal_Langley=Cal Langley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/General_Robert_Lefcourt=General Robert Lefcourt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Councillor_Tuura=Councillor Tuura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steve_Brady=Steve Brady
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miss_Seeton=Miss Seeton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dan_Vasser=Dan Vasser
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Morgan_Grimes=Morgan Grimes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Murdstone=Edward Murdstone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jaime_Sommers_(Bionic_Woman)=Jaime Sommers (Bionic Woman)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Duncan_Freeman=Duncan Freeman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jennifer_Mapplethorpe=Jennifer Mapplethorpe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uncle_Deadly_(Muppet)=Uncle Deadly (Muppet)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Muppet_Newsman=The Muppet Newsman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ned_(Pushing_Daisies)=Ned (Pushing Daisies)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harry_Jackson_(MacGyver)=Harry Jackson (MacGyver)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Thornton_(MacGyver)=Peter Thornton (MacGyver)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pauline_Mole=Pauline Mole
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elisabeth_Turhapuro=Elisabeth Turhapuro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Simon_Joyner_(City_Homicide)=Simon Joyner (City Homicide)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matt_Ryan_(City_Homicide)=Matt Ryan (City Homicide)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bishop_Myriel=Bishop Myriel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jonah_Takalua=Jonah Takalua
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Fraser_(Due_South)=Robert Fraser (Due South)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Livia_Beale=Livia Beale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cally_Stone=Cally Stone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ja'mie_King=Ja'mie King
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Janice_Licalsi=Janice Licalsi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alex_Russo=Alex Russo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aldo_Trapani=Aldo Trapani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don_Draper=Don Draper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Teri_Joseph=Teri Joseph
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maxine_Chadway=Maxine Chadway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roger_Sterling=Roger Sterling
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ahmad_Chadway=Ahmad Chadway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tracy_%22Bird%22_Van_Adams=Tracy "Bird" Van Adams
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Old_Bill_(comics)=Old Bill (comics)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Morte=Morte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elle_Bishop=Elle Bishop
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Damon_Carter=Damon Carter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aloysius_Pendergast=Aloysius Pendergast
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Josephine_Joseph_(Soul_Food)=Josephine Joseph (Soul Food)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Erica_Hahn=Erica Hahn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Renfield_Turnbull=Renfield Turnbull
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lem_Van_Adams=Lem Van Adams
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meriem,_wife_of_Korak=Meriem, wife of Korak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dell_Parker=Dell Parker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/J._H._Brodie=J. H. Brodie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arnold_Robinson=Arnold Robinson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Annie_Hacker=Annie Hacker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thirteen_(House)=Thirteen (House)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ruby_(Supernatural)=Ruby (Supernatural)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hope_Shanowski=Hope Shanowski
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mike_Giardello=Mike Giardello
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Molly_Walker=Molly Walker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/List_of_Zoey_101_characters=List of Zoey 101 characters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Thorn=Robert Thorn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Timmy_Martin=Timmy Martin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Martin_(Lassie)=Paul Martin (Lassie)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ruth_Martin_(Lassie)=Ruth Martin (Lassie)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Darvand=Darvand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Spence_(Holby_City)=Michael Spence (Holby City)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/List_of_Disney's_Aladdin_characters=List of Disney's Aladdin characters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Geralt_of_Rivia=Geralt of Rivia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pearl_Slaghoople=Pearl Slaghoople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Doakes=James Doakes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_Sawyer=Tom Sawyer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/List_of_The_Neverending_Story_characters=List of The Neverending Story characters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maude_Findlay=Maude Findlay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mortimer_Folchart=Mortimer Folchart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mister_Geppetto=Mister Geppetto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ronald_McDonald=Ronald McDonald
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Boot=William Boot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Danny_Ocean=Danny Ocean
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack_Deth=Jack Deth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Master_Shake=Master Shake
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luther_Stickell=Luther Stickell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mike_Martin_(character)=Mike Martin (character)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matilda_Wormwood=Matilda Wormwood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bob_Hogan=Bob Hogan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicholas_Blake_(Spooks)=Nicholas Blake (Spooks)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elinor_%22Ellie%22_Walker=Elinor "Ellie" Walker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Warren_Ferguson=Warren Ferguson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/List_of_Transformers_film_series_characters=List of Transformers film series characters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Number_One_(Babylon_5)=Number One (Babylon 5)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mrs._Lovett=Mrs. Lovett
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Knave_of_Hearts_(Alice's_Adventures_in_Wonderland)=Knave of Hearts (Alice's Adventures in Wonderland)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cameron_(Terminator)=Cameron (Terminator)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gryphon_(Alice's_Adventures_in_Wonderland)=Gryphon (Alice's Adventures in Wonderland)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eleanor_Bartlet=Eleanor Bartlet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ray_Carling=Ray Carling
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chuck_Bartowski=Chuck Bartowski
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ren_and_Stimpy_(characters)=Ren and Stimpy (characters)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pete_Mitchell_(Top_Gun)=Pete Mitchell (Top Gun)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clarence_Odbody=Clarence Odbody
http://dbpedia.org/resource/List_of_Macross_characters=List of Macross characters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Larry_Mondello=Larry Mondello
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Soo_(puppet)=Soo (puppet)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pinocchio=Pinocchio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chris_Skelton=Chris Skelton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/List_of_Gemma_Doyle_Trilogy_characters=List of Gemma Doyle Trilogy characters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nate_Archibald_(Gossip_Girl)=Nate Archibald (Gossip Girl)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Genco_Abbandando=Genco Abbandando
http://dbpedia.org/resource/List_of_magical_beings_in_Charmed=List of magical beings in Charmed
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barbara_Havers=Barbara Havers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Augustus_Haynes=Augustus Haynes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scott_Templeton=Scott Templeton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alma_Gutierrez=Alma Gutierrez
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Snoop_(The_Wire)=Snoop (The Wire)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nikki_Caetano=Nikki Caetano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kate_McGregor_(character)=Kate McGregor (character)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rebecca_Brown_(character)=Rebecca Brown (character)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stuart_Gharty=Stuart Gharty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maggy_(Monica's_Gang)=Maggy (Monica's Gang)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Basta_(Inkworld)=Basta (Inkworld)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Judy_Hensler=Judy Hensler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martha_Bronson=Martha Bronson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miss_Canfield=Miss Canfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/List_of_Disney's_The_Little_Mermaid_characters=List of Disney's The Little Mermaid characters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gormogon_(Bones)=Gormogon (Bones)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Larry_Talbot=Larry Talbot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dan_Humphrey=Dan Humphrey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alex_Drake=Alex Drake
http://dbpedia.org/resource/List_of_Who_Framed_Roger_Rabbit_characters=List of Who Framed Roger Rabbit characters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monica_(Monica's_Gang)=Monica (Monica's Gang)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Smudge_(Monica's_Gang)=Smudge (Monica's Gang)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tommy_Gavin=Tommy Gavin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Foghorn_Leghorn=Foghorn Leghorn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kate_Sugden=Kate Sugden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sketch_(Skins_character)=Sketch (Skins character)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Linden_Cullen=Linden Cullen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daniel_Faraday=Daniel Faraday
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jamila_(doll)=Jamila (doll)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charlotte_Lewis_(Lost)=Charlotte Lewis (Lost)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miles_Straume=Miles Straume
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shaz_Granger=Shaz Granger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grandpa_(The_Munsters)=Grandpa (The Munsters)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Holden_(character)=Michael Holden (character)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kirsty_Cotton=Kirsty Cotton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Solan_(Xena:_Warrior_Princess)=Solan (Xena: Warrior Princess)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bony_(character)=Bony (character)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Casey_Ryback=Casey Ryback
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nev_the_Bear=Nev the Bear
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rusty_Ryan=Rusty Ryan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sean_Drummond=Sean Drummond
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Red_Queen_(Through_the_Looking-Glass)=Red Queen (Through the Looking-Glass)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tim_Riggins=Tim Riggins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sturgis_Turner=Sturgis Turner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Red_King_(Through_the_Looking-Glass)=Red King (Through the Looking-Glass)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/White_King_(Through_the_Looking-Glass)=White King (Through the Looking-Glass)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anton_Chigurh=Anton Chigurh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Butler_family_(Artemis_Fowl)=Butler family (Artemis Fowl)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jim_(Huckleberry_Finn)=Jim (Huckleberry Finn)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/White_Queen_(Through_the_Looking-Glass)=White Queen (Through the Looking-Glass)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bela_Talbot=Bela Talbot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bossy_Bear=Bossy Bear
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lilith_(Supernatural)=Lilith (Supernatural)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harold_Hamgravy=Harold Hamgravy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jackie_Aprile,_Sr.=Jackie Aprile, Sr.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ray_Curto=Ray Curto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phineas_Flynn=Phineas Flynn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ferb_Fletcher=Ferb Fletcher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Widmore=Charles Widmore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saint_Leibowitz=Saint Leibowitz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johanna_(character)=Johanna (character)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/List_of_Andromeda_characters=List of Andromeda characters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lauren_Adams=Lauren Adams
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monks_(Oliver_Twist)=Monks (Oliver Twist)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cheese_Wagstaff=Cheese Wagstaff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrzej_Kmicic=Andrzej Kmicic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Weston_(In_Treatment)=Paul Weston (In Treatment)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jia_Tanchun=Jia Tanchun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Candace_Flynn=Candace Flynn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miaoyu=Miaoyu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jia_Xichun=Jia Xichun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jia_Qiaojie=Jia Qiaojie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Granny_Liu=Granny Liu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grandmother_Jia=Grandmother Jia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kyle_Blueman=Kyle Blueman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/List_of_Artemis_Fowl_characters=List of Artemis Fowl characters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lady_Byrne=Lady Byrne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/List_of_Sanrio_characters=List of Sanrio characters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luke_French_(Holby_Blue)=Luke French (Holby Blue)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Big_Giant_Head=Big Giant Head
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Evumeimei_Dingzai=Evumeimei Dingzai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Perry_the_Platypus=Perry the Platypus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Knight_(Knight_Rider)=Michael Knight (Knight Rider)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rita_Desjardin=Rita Desjardin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lucy_Barker=Lucy Barker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moody_Margaret=Moody Margaret
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Number_Four_(Battlestar_Galactica)=Number Four (Battlestar Galactica)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Judge_Turpin=Judge Turpin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xiangling=Xiangling
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ping'er=Ping'er
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eric_Northman=Eric Northman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sam_Merlotte=Sam Merlotte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eric_van_der_Woodsen=Eric van der Woodsen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maisie_Dobbs=Maisie Dobbs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blazes_Boylan=Blazes Boylan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Milly_Bloom=Milly Bloom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pauline_Fossil=Pauline Fossil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/List_of_Everybody_Loves_Raymond_characters=List of Everybody Loves Raymond characters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_W._Geezil=George W. Geezil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nelle_Porter=Nelle Porter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Warren_Hatcher=Peter Warren Hatcher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Will_Smith_(character)=Will Smith (character)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Farley_Drexel_%22Fudge%22_Hatcher=Farley Drexel "Fudge" Hatcher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dominic_Toretto=Dominic Toretto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/List_of_minor_characters_in_Peanuts=List of minor characters in Peanuts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georgina_Sparks=Georgina Sparks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/List_of_Ghost_Whisperer_characters=List of Ghost Whisperer characters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Br'er_Rabbit=Br'er Rabbit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vanessa_Abrams=Vanessa Abrams
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carlo_Rizzi_(The_Godfather)=Carlo Rizzi (The Godfather)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wyman_Ford=Wyman Ford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Racer_X_(character)=Racer X (character)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martin_Keamy=Martin Keamy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Path_Finder_(Transformers)=Path Finder (Transformers)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Larry_Barese=Larry Barese
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prince_Hal=Prince Hal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Holly_Flax=Holly Flax
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francis_Coplan=Francis Coplan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tony_%22Duke%22_Evers=Tony "Duke" Evers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bridget_Vreeland=Bridget Vreeland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lex_Luthor_(Smallville)=Lex Luthor (Smallville)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clark_Kent_(Smallville)=Clark Kent (Smallville)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tyler_Brock=Tyler Brock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alan_Harper_(Two_and_a_Half_Men)=Alan Harper (Two and a Half Men)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lawrence_Kutner_(House)=Lawrence Kutner (House)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charlotte_King=Charlotte King
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kerry_Chang=Kerry Chang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Detective_Sgt._David_Gabriel=Detective Sgt. David Gabriel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stracci_family=Stracci family
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Becky_Bloomwood=Becky Bloomwood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Butterball_Cenobite=Butterball Cenobite
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alonzo_Harris=Alonzo Harris
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rupert_Campbell-Black=Rupert Campbell-Black
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lana_Lang_(Smallville)=Lana Lang (Smallville)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gandy_Goose=Gandy Goose
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matthew_Gideon=Matthew Gideon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mark_Albert=Mark Albert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Captain_Lorrington_%22Gimlet%22_King=Captain Lorrington "Gimlet" King
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antigoni_Douka=Antigoni Douka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doll_Tearsheet=Doll Tearsheet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wang_Lung_(character)=Wang Lung (character)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Herbert_(Family_Guy)=Herbert (Family Guy)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Road_Ranger_(Gobots)=Road Ranger (Gobots)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tibby_Rollins=Tibby Rollins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lance_Sweets=Lance Sweets
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hood_(Thunderbirds)=Hood (Thunderbirds)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Po_(Kung_Fu_Panda)=Po (Kung Fu Panda)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adolfo_Pirelli=Adolfo Pirelli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kenny_Chadway=Kenny Chadway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charlie_Harper_(Two_and_a_Half_Men)=Charlie Harper (Two and a Half Men)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don_Orville=Don Orville
http://dbpedia.org/resource/List_of_Kung_Fu_Panda_characters=List of Kung Fu Panda characters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Rambo=John Rambo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Talking_Cricket=Talking Cricket
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Green_Fisherman=The Green Fisherman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Barsad=John Barsad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mikey_Palmice=Mikey Palmice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elmer_Fudd=Elmer Fudd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Specter_(Battlestar_Galactica)=Specter (Battlestar Galactica)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grace_Kingston=Grace Kingston
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Candlewick_(character)=Candlewick (character)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/List_of_Reba_characters=List of Reba characters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Melaka_Fray=Melaka Fray
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bubba_the_Rat=Bubba the Rat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/List_of_Horrid_Henry_characters=List of Horrid Henry characters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chris_Taub=Chris Taub
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bunny_Manders=Bunny Manders
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rubeus_Hagrid=Rubeus Hagrid
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mitch_Leery=Mitch Leery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bill_Compton_(The_Southern_Vampire_Mysteries)=Bill Compton (The Southern Vampire Mysteries)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baldrick=Baldrick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bill_the_Cat=Bill the Cat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Snoopy=Snoopy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cookie_Monster=Cookie Monster
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lord_Farquaad=Lord Farquaad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baron_Ambrosia=Baron Ambrosia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glenn_Quagmire=Glenn Quagmire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fenwick_Travers=Fenwick Travers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Billy_Pilgrim=Billy Pilgrim
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ron_Weasley=Ron Weasley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Donald_Duck=Donald Duck
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dr._Evil=Dr. Evil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Terry_Collier=Terry Collier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bob_Ferris_(Likely_Lads)=Bob Ferris (Likely Lads)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/List_of_Everybody_Hates_Chris_characters=List of Everybody Hates Chris characters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dapper_Denver_Dooley=Dapper Denver Dooley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cinderella_(Disney_character)=Cinderella (Disney character)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jenna_Heap=Jenna Heap
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marcia_Overstrand=Marcia Overstrand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/White_Knight_(Through_the_Looking-Glass)=White Knight (Through the Looking-Glass)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Winnie-the-Pooh=Winnie-the-Pooh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/List_of_Wizards_of_Waverly_Place_characters=List of Wizards of Waverly Place characters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zig_and_Zag_(puppets)=Zig and Zag (puppets)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/List_of_recurring_characters_in_The_Suite_Life_on_Deck=List of recurring characters in The Suite Life on Deck
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Betty_Draper=Betty Draper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_the_Tank_Engine=Thomas the Tank Engine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sooty=Sooty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rene_Sheppard=Rene Sheppard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Most_Interesting_Man_in_the_World=The Most Interesting Man in the World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tracy_Strauss=Tracy Strauss
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ferdinand_Bardamu=Ferdinand Bardamu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joan_Holloway=Joan Holloway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Castiel_(Supernatural)=Castiel (Supernatural)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leatherface=Leatherface
http://dbpedia.org/resource/List_of_Hannah_Montana_main_characters=List of Hannah Montana main characters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leonard_Hofstadter=Leonard Hofstadter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sheldon_Cooper=Sheldon Cooper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Tritter=Michael Tritter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bluey_and_Curley=Bluey and Curley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Howard_Wolowitz=Howard Wolowitz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raj_Koothrappali=Raj Koothrappali
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barnyard_Dawg=Barnyard Dawg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeff_Miller_(Lassie)=Jeff Miller (Lassie)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Marlow=Charles Marlow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peggy_Olson=Peggy Olson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edgar_Linton=Edgar Linton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Catherine_Linton=Catherine Linton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hareton_Earnshaw=Hareton Earnshaw
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isabella_Linton=Isabella Linton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Count_Smokula=Count Smokula
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Commander_Kidor=Commander Kidor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Olivia_Dunham=Olivia Dunham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paddington_Bear=Paddington Bear
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ben_Gunn_(Treasure_Island)=Ben Gunn (Treasure Island)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hindley_Earnshaw=Hindley Earnshaw
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walter_Bishop_(Fringe)=Walter Bishop (Fringe)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tara_Thornton=Tara Thornton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Simon_Brenner=Simon Brenner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Snow_White_(Disney)=Snow White (Disney)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aurora_(Disney)=Aurora (Disney)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/List_of_main_characters_of_seaQuest_DSV_season_2=List of main characters of seaQuest DSV season 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/List_of_main_characters_of_seaQuest_DSV_season_1=List of main characters of seaQuest DSV season 1
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Characters_of_seaQuest_2032=Characters of seaQuest 2032
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Huckleberry_Hound=Huckleberry Hound
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caitlin_Todd=Caitlin Todd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/List_of_Queer_as_Folk_characters=List of Queer as Folk characters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pamela_Landy=Pamela Landy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frank_B._Parker=Frank B. Parker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fred_Figglehorn=Fred Figglehorn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lucas_North=Lucas North
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bernie_McCullough=Bernie McCullough
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dumper_(Gobots)=Dumper (Gobots)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Captain_Alexander_Smollett=Captain Alexander Smollett
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elena_Delgado=Elena Delgado
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greg_Heffley=Greg Heffley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Bishop=Peter Bishop
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Owen_Hunt=Owen Hunt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/List_of_Balto_characters=List of Balto characters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Development_of_Bugs_Bunny=Development of Bugs Bunny
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bill_Dauterive=Bill Dauterive
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zod_(Gobots)=Zod (Gobots)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Herr_Fiend=Herr Fiend
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ellen_Parsons=Ellen Parsons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kendra_Sorenson=Kendra Sorenson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sadie_Harris=Sadie Harris
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seth_Sorenson=Seth Sorenson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sea_Hag=Sea Hag
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stanley_Sorenson=Stanley Sorenson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ruth_Sorenson=Ruth Sorenson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ben_Kaplan_(character)=Ben Kaplan (character)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Penn_Cage=Penn Cage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rick_Spleen=Rick Spleen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mercy_Thompson=Mercy Thompson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Red_John=Red John
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sarah_Walker_(Chuck)=Sarah Walker (Chuck)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Casey_(Chuck)=John Casey (Chuck)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stitch_(Lilo_&_Stitch)=Stitch (Lilo & Stitch)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wanda_%22Baby%22_McCullough=Wanda "Baby" McCullough
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Helen_Magnus=Helen Magnus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ellen_Miller_(Lassie)=Ellen Miller (Lassie)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bryce_Larkin=Bryce Larkin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Corey_Stuart=Corey Stuart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Catherine_Banfield=Catherine Banfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flo_(Progressive_Insurance)=Flo (Progressive Insurance)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Septimus_Heap_(character)=Septimus Heap (character)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jim_Hawkins_(character)=Jim Hawkins (character)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patty_Hewes=Patty Hewes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Bond_(literary_character)=James Bond (literary character)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eric_Catchpole=Eric Catchpole
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peggotty=Peggotty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ethel_Hallow=Ethel Hallow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eli_Wallace=Eli Wallace
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matthew_Scott_(Stargate)=Matthew Scott (Stargate)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Everett_Young=Everett Young
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicholas_Rush=Nicholas Rush
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pete_Campbell=Pete Campbell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gort_(The_Day_the_Earth_Stood_Still)=Gort (The Day the Earth Stood Still)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pandora_Moon=Pandora Moon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Katie_Fitch=Katie Fitch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emily_Fitch=Emily Fitch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Tomone=Thomas Tomone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stryver=Stryver
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Miller_(Lassie)=George Miller (Lassie)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lucy_Baker=Lucy Baker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cully_Wilson_(Lassie)=Cully Wilson (Lassie)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Archy_McNally=Archy McNally
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cipher_(comics)=Cipher (comics)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Huckleberry_Finn=Huckleberry Finn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Percy_Jackson=Percy Jackson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yuri_Bohun=Yuri Bohun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rita_Bennett=Rita Bennett
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Wallace_(The_Office)=David Wallace (The Office)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lankester_Merrin=Lankester Merrin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nkima=Nkima
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Janie_Johnson=Janie Johnson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Balto_(character)=Balto (character)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tarzan=Tarzan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tam_Sventon=Tam Sventon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jessamy_Harrison=Jessamy Harrison
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arizona_Robbins=Arizona Robbins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sheep=The Sheep
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Napoleon_(Animal_Farm)=Napoleon (Animal Farm)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tamara_Johansen=Tamara Johansen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Devon_Woodcomb=Devon Woodcomb
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Azja=Azja
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taran_(character)=Taran (character)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Victory_Ford=Victory Ford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/List_of_Bridge_to_Terabithia_characters=List of Bridge to Terabithia characters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anna_Milton=Anna Milton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Connie_Sachs=Connie Sachs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blaine_Anderson=Blaine Anderson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Evelyn_Ryan_(Dawson's_Creek)=Evelyn Ryan (Dawson's Creek)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dan_Conner=Dan Conner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kate_Beckett=Kate Beckett
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pamela_Swynford_De_Beaufort=Pamela Swynford De Beaufort
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jill_Roberts=Jill Roberts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Olivia_(fictional_pig)=Olivia (fictional pig)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Penny_(The_Big_Bang_Theory)=Penny (The Big Bang Theory)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patrick_Jane=Patrick Jane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hank_Moody=Hank Moody
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ronald_Greer_(Stargate)=Ronald Greer (Stargate)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ellie_Woodcomb=Ellie Woodcomb
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sarah_Henrickson=Sarah Henrickson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/List_of_NCIS:_Los_Angeles_characters=List of NCIS: Los Angeles characters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thelma_Chambers=Thelma Chambers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bessie_Potter=Bessie Potter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doug_Witter=Doug Witter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lord_John_Grey=Lord John Grey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jason_Stackhouse=Jason Stackhouse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Echo_(Dollhouse)=Echo (Dollhouse)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mark_Hoffman=Mark Hoffman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diane_Beckman=Diane Beckman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Langston_Graham=Langston Graham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jim_Taggart=Jim Taggart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stephen_J._Bartowski=Stephen J. Bartowski
http://dbpedia.org/resource/She-Hulk_(Lyra)=She-Hulk (Lyra)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edith_Prickley=Edith Prickley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/List_of_desk_clerks_and_other_non-medical_staff_in_ER=List of desk clerks and other non-medical staff in ER
http://dbpedia.org/resource/List_of_secondary_doctors_in_ER=List of secondary doctors in ER
http://dbpedia.org/resource/List_of_secondary_nurses_in_ER=List of secondary nurses in ER
http://dbpedia.org/resource/List_of_family_members_and_friends_in_ER=List of family members and friends in ER
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miss_Silver=Miss Silver
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isaac_Bell=Isaac Bell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jackie_Reid=Jackie Reid
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Cooper_(Southland)=John Cooper (Southland)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walter_White_(Breaking_Bad)=Walter White (Breaking Bad)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nigel_Croker=Nigel Croker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wallace_(The_Wire)=Wallace (The Wire)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rudolph_van_Richten=Rudolph van Richten
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frantisek_Markov=Frantisek Markov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kenny_Powers_(character)=Kenny Powers (character)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frank_Lapidus=Frank Lapidus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hannah_Baxter=Hannah Baxter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clay_Morrow=Clay Morrow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jax_Teller=Jax Teller
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rapunzel_(Disney)=Rapunzel (Disney)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bobby_Munson=Bobby Munson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tig_Trager=Tig Trager
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack_West_Jr=Jack West Jr
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Klingon=Klingon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Jardine=Michael Jardine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jad-bal-ja=Jad-bal-ja
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chibs_Telford=Chibs Telford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nora_Ferrer=Nora Ferrer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Piney_Winston=Piney Winston
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leo_Kosov-Meyer=Leo Kosov-Meyer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barbara_Jeziorkowska=Barbara Jeziorkowska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Will_Zimmerman=Will Zimmerman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sierra_(Dollhouse)=Sierra (Dollhouse)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Juice_Ortiz=Juice Ortiz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frank_Black_(character)=Frank Black (character)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dr._Watson=Dr. Watson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tara_Knowles=Tara Knowles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miss_Brunner=Miss Brunner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Half-Sack_Epps=Half-Sack Epps
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jessica_Hamby=Jessica Hamby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/List_of_Diagnosis:_Murder_characters=List of Diagnosis: Murder characters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brad_Follmer=Brad Follmer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ernest_Darby=Ernest Darby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Josh_Kohn=Josh Kohn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wayne_Unser=Wayne Unser
http://dbpedia.org/resource/List_of_Ned's_Declassified_School_Survival_Guide_characters=List of Ned's Declassified School Survival Guide characters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Thornton_(North_and_South)=John Thornton (North and South)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anthony_Gethryn=Anthony Gethryn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harry_Morgan_(Dexter)=Harry Morgan (Dexter)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emma_Hollis=Emma Hollis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Claudia_Joy_Holden=Claudia Joy Holden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Denise_Sherwood=Denise Sherwood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elena_Michaels=Elena Michaels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Teresa_Lisbon=Teresa Lisbon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inspector_Willoughby=Inspector Willoughby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pee-Wee_Harris=Pee-Wee Harris
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marcus_Corvinus_(fictional_character)=Marcus Corvinus (fictional character)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lynn_Aloysius_Belvedere=Lynn Aloysius Belvedere
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grace_Van_Pelt=Grace Van Pelt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/List_of_Disney's_Hercules_characters=List of Disney's Hercules characters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uriel_(Supernatural)=Uriel (Supernatural)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zachariah_(Supernatural)=Zachariah (Supernatural)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alastair_(Supernatural)=Alastair (Supernatural)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kathleen_McQueen=Kathleen McQueen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Characters_in_Disney's_Beauty_and_the_Beast=Characters in Disney's Beauty and the Beast
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Van_Veeteren=Van Veeteren
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Br'er_Fox_and_Br'er_Bear=Br'er Fox and Br'er Bear
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emmanuelle=Emmanuelle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ilana_Verdansky=Ilana Verdansky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tequila_Yuen=Tequila Yuen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lauryn_Kirk=Lauryn Kirk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tin-Tin_Kyrano=Tin-Tin Kyrano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/List_of_Royal_Pains_characters=List of Royal Pains characters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/List_of_Making_Fiends_characters=List of Making Fiends characters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bamm-Bamm_Rubble=Bamm-Bamm Rubble
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Shuttleworth_(character)=John Shuttleworth (character)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Drake_Maijstral=Drake Maijstral
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robot_B-9=Robot B-9
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miss_Hardbroom=Miss Hardbroom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Enid_Nightshade=Enid Nightshade
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sergei_Malatov=Sergei Malatov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shayne_Rodrigo=Shayne Rodrigo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/List_of_She-Ra:_Princess_of_Power_characters=List of She-Ra: Princess of Power characters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Will_Schuester=Will Schuester
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Finn_Hudson=Finn Hudson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sue_Sylvester=Sue Sylvester
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Terri_Schuester=Terri Schuester
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emma_Pillsbury=Emma Pillsbury
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rachel_Berry=Rachel Berry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kurt_Hummel=Kurt Hummel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Artie_Abrams=Artie Abrams
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tina_Cohen-Chang=Tina Cohen-Chang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quinn_Fabray=Quinn Fabray
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Santana_Lopez=Santana Lopez
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Puck_(Glee)=Puck (Glee)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mercedes_Jones=Mercedes Jones
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Imhotep_(character)=Imhotep (character)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vince_Masuka=Vince Masuka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mildred_Hubble_(The_Worst_Witch)=Mildred Hubble (The Worst Witch)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stanley_White=Stanley White
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elena_Gilbert=Elena Gilbert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stefan_Salvatore=Stefan Salvatore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Damon_Salvatore=Damon Salvatore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/List_of_The_Cleveland_Show_characters=List of The Cleveland Show characters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sam_Trautman=Sam Trautman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quackula=Quackula
http://dbpedia.org/resource/List_of_Disney's_Mulan_characters=List of Disney's Mulan characters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tommy_Gunn_(character)=Tommy Gunn (character)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hans_Landa=Hans Landa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cassie_Palmer=Cassie Palmer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leslie_Knope=Leslie Knope
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dora_Spenlow=Dora Spenlow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johnny_Mackintosh=Johnny Mackintosh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bharthari=Bharthari
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Horpyna=Horpyna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Krystyna_Drohojowska=Krystyna Drohojowska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tess_Tyler=Tess Tyler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Erin_Hannon=Erin Hannon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lisbeth_Salander=Lisbeth Salander
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Falsone=Paul Falsone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gemma_Teller_Morrow=Gemma Teller Morrow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Rossi=David Rossi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Penelope_Garcia=Penelope Garcia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emily_Prentiss=Emily Prentiss
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quick_Draw_McGraw=Quick Draw McGraw
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liz_Warner=Liz Warner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Tapp=David Tapp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miss_Brahms=Miss Brahms
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cheryl_West_(Outrageous_Fortune)=Cheryl West (Outrageous Fortune)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Happy_(Sons_of_Anarchy)=Happy (Sons of Anarchy)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mrs_Bradley=Mrs Bradley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vanessa_Lytton=Vanessa Lytton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tariq_Masood=Tariq Masood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Montmorency_(character)=Montmorency (character)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dr._Heinz_Doofenshmirtz=Dr. Heinz Doofenshmirtz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colonel_Kurtz=Colonel Kurtz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samuel_Sullivan=Samuel Sullivan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Neal_Caffrey=Neal Caffrey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Hale_(Sons_of_Anarchy)=David Hale (Sons of Anarchy)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/June_Stahl=June Stahl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/List_of_Lilo_&_Stitch_characters=List of Lilo & Stitch characters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/List_of_The_Emperor's_New_Groove_characters=List of The Emperor's New Groove characters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/List_of_Disney's_Cinderella_characters=List of Disney's Cinderella characters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Fox-Selwyn=George Fox-Selwyn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/List_of_Disney's_Fantasia_characters=List of Disney's Fantasia characters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mike_Chang=Mike Chang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Savely_Govorkov=Savely Govorkov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Soraya_Montenegro=Soraya Montenegro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/List_of_The_Game_characters=List of The Game characters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/List_of_Modern_Family_characters=List of Modern Family characters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/List_of_Third_Watch_characters=List of Third Watch characters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Butterworth_Stavely=Butterworth Stavely
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hit-Girl=Hit-Girl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daniel_Shaw=Daniel Shaw
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rat_Rathbone=Rat Rathbone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marc_Kilgour=Marc Kilgour
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Henderson_(character)=Charles Henderson (character)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pinky_Dinky_Doo_(character)=Pinky Dinky Doo (character)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ring_(Chuck)=The Ring (Chuck)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Victor_(Dollhouse)=Victor (Dollhouse)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_Haverford=Tom Haverford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ann_Perkins=Ann Perkins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mark_Brendanawicz=Mark Brendanawicz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andy_Dwyer=Andy Dwyer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ron_Swanson=Ron Swanson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Malcolm_Tucker=Malcolm Tucker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sally_Bowles=Sally Bowles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/List_of_Lud,_zbunjen,_normalan_characters=List of Lud, zbunjen, normalan characters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Olli=Olli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stephanie_Charlton=Stephanie Charlton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Clarke_(character)=Paul Clarke (character)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PT_Bivott=PT Bivott
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Teresa_(Barbie)=Teresa (Barbie)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tharadas=Tharadas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ethan_Zobelle=Ethan Zobelle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Annie_Sawyer=Annie Sawyer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kevin_Butler_(character)=Kevin Butler (character)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chris_Adams_(character)=Chris Adams (character)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mac_(It's_Always_Sunny_in_Philadelphia)=Mac (It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charlie_Kelly_(It's_Always_Sunny_in_Philadelphia)=Charlie Kelly (It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frank_Reynolds_(It's_Always_Sunny_in_Philadelphia)=Frank Reynolds (It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ivan_Orav=Ivan Orav
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fearless_Photog=Fearless Photog
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Penny_Valentine_(Holby_City)=Penny Valentine (Holby City)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Satsu_(Buffy_the_Vampire_Slayer)=Satsu (Buffy the Vampire Slayer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Takuma_Tsurugi=Takuma Tsurugi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Django_(character)=Django (character)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Magilla_Gorilla=Magilla Gorilla
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brienne_of_Tarth=Brienne of Tarth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mr._McGregor=Mr. McGregor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/List_of_Disney's_Sleeping_Beauty_characters=List of Disney's Sleeping Beauty characters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tabitha_Twitchit=Tabitha Twitchit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pat_(Alice's_Adventures_in_Wonderland)=Pat (Alice's Adventures in Wonderland)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mater_(Cars)=Mater (Cars)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mrs._Stitch=Mrs. Stitch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arthur_Mitchell_(character)=Arthur Mitchell (character)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ralph_Wolf_and_Sam_Sheepdog=Ralph Wolf and Sam Sheepdog
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Cook_(Skins)=James Cook (Skins)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Freddie_McClair=Freddie McClair
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Man_in_Black_(Lost)=Man in Black (Lost)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yogi_Bear=Yogi Bear
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marreau=Marreau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fairy_Queen_(Fablehaven)=The Fairy Queen (Fablehaven)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trevor_LeBlanc=Trevor LeBlanc
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grandma_Tracy=Grandma Tracy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kyrano=Kyrano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inspector_Hanaud=Inspector Hanaud
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colonist_(The_X-Files)=Colonist (The X-Files)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ivy_Pearson=Ivy Pearson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Skyler_White=Skyler White
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hank_Schrader=Hank Schrader
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saul_Goodman=Saul Goodman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wayne_Rigsby=Wayne Rigsby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Burt_Hummel=Burt Hummel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roland_Burton=Roland Burton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joan_Burton_(Army_Wives)=Joan Burton (Army Wives)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dylan_Mulholland=Dylan Mulholland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raylan_Givens=Raylan Givens
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nick_Knight_(Forever_Knight)=Nick Knight (Forever Knight)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Geoff_Peterson=Geoff Peterson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jerry_Gergich=Jerry Gergich
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Donna_Meagle=Donna Meagle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Katniss_Everdeen=Katniss Everdeen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mother_Carey=Mother Carey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peeta_Mellark=Peeta Mellark
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mikael_Blomkvist=Mikael Blomkvist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barney_Stinson=Barney Stinson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kimball_Cho=Kimball Cho
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shelby_Corcoran=Shelby Corcoran
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kahoona=Kahoona
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lyla_Garrity=Lyla Garrity
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deng_Yuanjue=Deng Yuanjue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wang_Yin=Wang Yin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zheng_Biao=Zheng Biao
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fernando_Sucre=Fernando Sucre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benjamin_Miles_%22C-Note%22_Franklin=Benjamin Miles "C-Note" Franklin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sara_Tancredi=Sara Tancredi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jackson_Avery=Jackson Avery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/April_Kepner=April Kepner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angel_Batista=Angel Batista
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joey_Quinn=Joey Quinn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miss_Foozie=Miss Foozie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sawhorse_(Oz)=Sawhorse (Oz)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Snappy_Sammy_Smoot=Snappy Sammy Smoot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Picrochole=Picrochole
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grandgousier=Grandgousier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hua_Xiren=Hua Xiren
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marcus_Rivers=Marcus Rivers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/List_of_The_Unit_characters=List of The Unit characters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ash_(Alien)=Ash (Alien)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Esperanza_Diaz=Esperanza Diaz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Audrey_Collier=Audrey Collier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Khadijah_James=Khadijah James
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johan_Falk=Johan Falk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/List_of_Sea_Patrol_characters=List of Sea Patrol characters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rampage_(mascot)=Rampage (mascot)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aaron_Lightner=Aaron Lightner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zampa_the_Lion=Zampa the Lion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cicciobello=Cicciobello
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lynsey_Nolan=Lynsey Nolan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/It_(character)=It (character)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clifford_(character)=Clifford (character)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phil_Coulson=Phil Coulson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mary_Elizabeth_Bartowski=Mary Elizabeth Bartowski
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hickory,_Dickory,_and_Doc=Hickory, Dickory, and Doc
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alison_DiLaurentis=Alison DiLaurentis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Naomi_Campbell_(Skins)=Naomi Campbell (Skins)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elmer_the_Great_Dane=Elmer the Great Dane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baby-Face_Mouse=Baby-Face Mouse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jenna_Marshall=Jenna Marshall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jade_(El_Clon)=Jade (El Clon)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lucas_Ferrer=Lucas Ferrer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Osvaldo_Daniel=Osvaldo Daniel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pete_Lattimer=Pete Lattimer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patrick_Star=Patrick Star
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dave_Karofsky=Dave Karofsky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michelle_Tanner=Michelle Tanner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shannon_Beiste=Shannon Beiste
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sam_Evans=Sam Evans
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_%22Jim%22_Orenthal=James "Jim" Orenthal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roberta_Quimby=Roberta Quimby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jodie_Dallas=Jodie Dallas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mrs._Dorothy_Quimby=Mrs. Dorothy Quimby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Allie_Kingston=Allie Kingston
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Compeyson=Compeyson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nucky_Thompson=Nucky Thompson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Haymitch_Abernathy=Haymitch Abernathy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beth_Bailey=Beth Bailey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lane_Pryce=Lane Pryce
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brittany_Pierce=Brittany Pierce
http://dbpedia.org/resource/List_of_Planet_of_the_Apes_characters=List of Planet of the Apes characters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Katherine_Pierce=Katherine Pierce
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Darkman_(character)=Darkman (character)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack_and_Holly=Jack and Holly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amelia_Shepherd=Amelia Shepherd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dimitri_Levendis=Dimitri Levendis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carland_Cross_(character)=Carland Cross (character)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/List_of_Grounded_for_Life_characters=List of Grounded for Life characters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gale_Hawthorne=Gale Hawthorne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ted_Mosby=Ted Mosby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ice_King=Ice King
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vaughn_Edwards=Vaughn Edwards
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Holly_Holliday=Holly Holliday
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexei_Volkoff=Alexei Volkoff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henrik_Hanssen=Henrik Hanssen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sacha_Levy=Sacha Levy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frieda_Petrenko=Frieda Petrenko
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Count_Alucard_(character)=Count Alucard (character)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Jetson=George Jetson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maya_Lahan=Maya Lahan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lumen_Pierce=Lumen Pierce
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Towers_(character)=William Towers (character)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Medea_(The_Icemark_Chronicles)=Medea (The Icemark Chronicles)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stephanie_Tanner_(character)=Stephanie Tanner (character)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rick_Grimes=Rick Grimes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luc_Deveraux=Luc Deveraux
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kick-Ass_(character)=Kick-Ass (character)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sheldon_Wallace=Sheldon Wallace
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Judith_Traherne=Judith Traherne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stabri_Monogo=Stabri Monogo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hatchii=Hatchii
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scar_(The_Lion_King)=Scar (The Lion King)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gabe_Lewis=Gabe Lewis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/List_of_The_Producers_characters=List of The Producers characters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mother_Gothel=Mother Gothel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/List_of_Charlie_and_the_Chocolate_Factory_characters=List of Charlie and the Chocolate Factory characters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rachel_Bradley=Rachel Bradley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lauren_Zizes=Lauren Zizes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stefon=Stefon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/List_of_Luther_characters=List of Luther characters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rich_Hardbeck=Rich Hardbeck
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mini_McGuinness=Mini McGuinness
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nick_Levan=Nick Levan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liv_Malone=Liv Malone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matty_Levan=Matty Levan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lincoln_Lee=Lincoln Lee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Margene_Heffman=Margene Heffman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sumuru_(character)=Sumuru (character)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/List_of_The_Facts_of_Life_characters=List of The Facts of Life characters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Characters_of_Murdoch_Mysteries=Characters of Murdoch Mysteries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shepherd_Book=Shepherd Book
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dominie_Sampson=Dominie Sampson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johnny_Fontane=Johnny Fontane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maximillian_Arturo=Maximillian Arturo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack_McEvoy=Jack McEvoy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martha_Masters_(House)=Martha Masters (House)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/List_of_Sharpe_series_characters=List of Sharpe series characters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ben_Wyatt_(Parks_and_Recreation)=Ben Wyatt (Parks and Recreation)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chris_Traeger=Chris Traeger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bolt_(character)=Bolt (character)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beegle_Beagle=Beegle Beagle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harry_Holt_(Tarzan)=Harry Holt (Tarzan)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/List_of_Gobots_characters=List of Gobots characters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sahira_Shah=Sahira Shah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sam_Cooper=Sam Cooper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nellie_Bertram=Nellie Bertram
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_California=Robert California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kaycee_Nicole=Kaycee Nicole
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phil_Decker=Phil Decker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Myka_Bering=Myka Bering
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arthur_%22Artie%22_Nielsen=Arthur "Artie" Nielsen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leena_(Warehouse_13)=Leena (Warehouse 13)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Claudia_Donovan=Claudia Donovan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kenkoy=Kenkoy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Finn_the_Human=Finn the Human
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jake_the_Dog=Jake the Dog
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marceline_the_Vampire_Queen=Marceline the Vampire Queen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ras_Thavas=Ras Thavas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antoine_Malick=Antoine Malick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Green_Men=The Green Men
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colonel_James_Braddock=Colonel James Braddock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean-Ralphio_Saperstein=Jean-Ralphio Saperstein
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mitch_McDeere=Mitch McDeere
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abby_McDeere=Abby McDeere
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marcus_Tullius_Cicero_(Rome_character)=Marcus Tullius Cicero (Rome character)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amina_Abdallah_Arraf_al_Omari=Amina Abdallah Arraf al Omari
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Misery_Bear=Misery Bear
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Juliet_Sharp=Juliet Sharp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dan_Hamilton=Dan Hamilton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oliver_Valentine=Oliver Valentine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nikita_(character)=Nikita (character)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Huaman_(character)=Huaman (character)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexandra_(Nikita_character)=Alexandra (Nikita character)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_(Nikita_character)=Michael (Nikita character)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rayford_Steele=Rayford Steele
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chloe_Steele=Chloe Steele
http://dbpedia.org/resource/S.mouse=S.mouse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elizabeth_Lavenza=Elizabeth Lavenza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aimi_Eguchi=Aimi Eguchi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cameron_%22Buck%22_Williams=Cameron "Buck" Williams
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leon_Fortunato=Leon Fortunato
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mr._Harley_Quin=Mr. Harley Quin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marlene_Griggs-Knope=Marlene Griggs-Knope
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mrs._Wishy-Washy=Mrs. Wishy-Washy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/List_of_M*A*S*H_characters=List of M*A*S*H characters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rakhmetov=Rakhmetov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ulysses_Paxton=Ulysses Paxton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grace_Blood=Grace Blood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Simon_Bellamy=Simon Bellamy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Curtis_Donovan=Curtis Donovan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nathan_Young=Nathan Young
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kelly_Bailey_(Misfits)=Kelly Bailey (Misfits)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alisha_Daniels=Alisha Daniels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Snarf_(ThunderCats)=Snarf (ThunderCats)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jesse_Pinkman=Jesse Pinkman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ally_Kovac=Ally Kovac
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nat_Manning=Nat Manning
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christine_Williams_(Tangle)=Christine Williams (Tangle)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tim_Williams_(Tangle)=Tim Williams (Tangle)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gabriel_Lucas=Gabriel Lucas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spiros_Georgiades=Spiros Georgiades
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walden_Schmidt=Walden Schmidt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_Clarke_(Taken)=Tom Clarke (Taken)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emily_Fields=Emily Fields
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patof=Patof
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dahlia_Lynley-Chivers=Dahlia Lynley-Chivers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brisco_County,_Jr._(character)=Brisco County, Jr. (character)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mumm-Ra=Mumm-Ra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gabbar_Singh_(character)=Gabbar Singh (character)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walter_(Muppet)=Walter (Muppet)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kekec=Kekec
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flynn_Rider=Flynn Rider
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ivy_Dickens=Ivy Dickens
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Bludworth=William Bludworth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bade_and_Chote=Bade and Chote
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Esther_Summerson=Esther Summerson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Erin_Watts=Erin Watts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gus_Fring=Gus Fring
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yuri_Zhivago=Yuri Zhivago
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abolakara=Abolakara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rory_Flanagan=Rory Flanagan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inajira=Inajira
http://dbpedia.org/resource/List_of_Ravenloft_characters=List of Ravenloft characters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harkon_Lukas=Harkon Lukas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ivana_Boritsi=Ivana Boritsi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Victor_Mordenheim=Victor Mordenheim
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vlad_Drakov=Vlad Drakov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ricky_Ricardo,_Jr.=Ricky Ricardo, Jr.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theodore_Boone=Theodore Boone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alex_Browning=Alex Browning
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Victoria_Grayson=Victoria Grayson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bo_(Lost_Girl)=Bo (Lost Girl)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/List_of_Mike_&_Molly_characters=List of Mike & Molly characters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carter_Kane=Carter Kane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Plankton_(character)=Plankton (character)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dotty_Cotton=Dotty Cotton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stuart_Alan_Jones=Stuart Alan Jones
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jerry_Dandrige=Jerry Dandrige
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lilly_Rush_(Cold_Case)=Lilly Rush (Cold Case)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rudy_Wade=Rudy Wade
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Klaus_Heissler=Klaus Heissler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shane_Walsh_(The_Walking_Dead)=Shane Walsh (The Walking Dead)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emily_Thorne=Emily Thorne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Stillman_(Cold_Case)=John Stillman (Cold Case)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scotty_Valens_(Cold_Case)=Scotty Valens (Cold Case)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monsieur_Tranquille=Monsieur Tranquille
http://dbpedia.org/resource/List_of_Let_the_Right_One_In_characters=List of Let the Right One In characters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maxine_White=Maxine White
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeanie_Deans=Jeanie Deans
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Princess_Bubblegum=Princess Bubblegum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tauriel=Tauriel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karen_Davis_(The_Grudge)=Karen Davis (The Grudge)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/List_of_The_Wolves_of_Mercy_Falls_characters=List of The Wolves of Mercy Falls characters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nick_Vera=Nick Vera
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bloom_(Winx_Club)=Bloom (Winx Club)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chandramukhi_(character)=Chandramukhi (character)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bai_Yutang=Bai Yutang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Conrad_Grayson=Conrad Grayson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lucien_(Mirbeau)=Lucien (Mirbeau)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daryl_Dixon=Daryl Dixon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lori_Grimes=Lori Grimes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrea_(The_Walking_Dead)=Andrea (The Walking Dead)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Governor_(The_Walking_Dead)=The Governor (The Walking Dead)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isidore_Lechat=Isidore Lechat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glenn_Rhee=Glenn Rhee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carol_Peletier=Carol Peletier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_Grimes=Carl Grimes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hershel_Greene=Hershel Greene
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maggie_Greene=Maggie Greene
http://dbpedia.org/resource/List_of_Main_Abdul_Qadir_Hoon_characters=List of Main Abdul Qadir Hoon characters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dale_Horvath=Dale Horvath
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michonne=Michonne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/List_of_Mama's_Family_characters=List of Mama's Family characters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_Mason_(Falling_Skies)=Tom Mason (Falling Skies)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anne_Glass=Anne Glass
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charlie_Prince=Charlie Prince
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lola_Rhodes=Lola Rhodes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Krazy_Kong=Krazy Kong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chi_Park=Chi Park
http://dbpedia.org/resource/List_of_Diff'rent_Strokes_characters=List of Diff'rent Strokes characters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/JJ_Jones_(Skins)=JJ Jones (Skins)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/List_of_Sports_Night_characters=List of Sports Night characters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tublat=Tublat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/List_of_Chaos_Walking_characters=List of Chaos Walking characters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clara_(Mirbeau)=Clara (Mirbeau)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Erik_Selvig=Erik Selvig
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ganesh-Vasanth=Ganesh-Vasanth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frankenstein_(Death_Race)=Frankenstein (Death Race)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Virginia_Stanton_Biddlecomb=Virginia Stanton Biddlecomb
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sophie_Wong=Sophie Wong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tracy_Beaker_(character)=Tracy Beaker (character)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beth_Clemmons=Beth Clemmons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joe_Carson_(character)=Joe Carson (character)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Billie_Jo_Bradley=Billie Jo Bradley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bobbie_Jo_Bradley=Bobbie Jo Bradley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Betty_Jo_Bradley=Betty Jo Bradley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steve_Elliott_(character)=Steve Elliott (character)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dr._Janet_Craig=Dr. Janet Craig
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ethan_Rom=Ethan Rom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carrie_Mathison=Carrie Mathison
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacob_(Lost)=Jacob (Lost)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sterling_Archer=Sterling Archer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Britten=Michael Britten
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rex_Britten=Rex Britten
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hannah_Britten=Hannah Britten
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Helen_Graham_(The_Tenant_of_Wildfell_Hall)=Helen Graham (The Tenant of Wildfell Hall)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cheryl_Tunt=Cheryl Tunt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rachel_Bailey=Rachel Bailey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diane_Chambers=Diane Chambers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Claudia_Leigh=Claudia Leigh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nikki_(Barbie)=Nikki (Barbie)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bec_Gilbert=Bec Gilbert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jenny_Gross=Jenny Gross
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xiahou_Lan=Xiahou Lan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Kreep=The Kreep
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Merida_(Disney)=Merida (Disney)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jenna_Hamilton=Jenna Hamilton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frances_James_(Winners_&_Losers)=Frances James (Winners & Losers)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mary_Hatch=Mary Hatch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Helena_G._Wells=Helena G. Wells
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Algeria_History_and_Civilization=Algeria History and Civilization
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Perfect_Peter=Perfect Peter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gongsun_Ce=Gongsun Ce
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barry_Morgan_(character)=Barry Morgan (character)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mu_Guiying=Mu Guiying
http://dbpedia.org/resource/She_Saihua=She Saihua
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wish_me_mell=Wish me mell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Captain_Price=Captain Price
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicholas_Brody=Nicholas Brody
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kolah_Ghermezi=Kolah Ghermezi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Bond_filmography=James Bond filmography
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Moser=Richard Moser
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marc_Hoffmann=Marc Hoffmann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lorenzo_Fabbri=Lorenzo Fabbri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_Brandtner=Alexander Brandtner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Davide_Rivera=Davide Rivera
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rex_(Police_dog)=Rex (Police dog)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yang_Zongbao=Yang Zongbao
http://dbpedia.org/resource/List_of_Winx_Club_characters=List of Winx Club characters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yang_Qilang=Yang Qilang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mia_Novoa=Mia Novoa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alo_Creevey=Alo Creevey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack_Stacey=Jack Stacey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sagar_Alias_Jacky=Sagar Alias Jacky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yang_Paifeng=Yang Paifeng
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charlotte_Grayson=Charlotte Grayson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abraham_Ford=Abraham Ford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tyreese=Tyreese
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Morgan_Jones_(The_Walking_Dead)=Morgan Jones (The Walking Dead)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seth_(Misfits)=Seth (Misfits)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jess_(Misfits)=Jess (Misfits)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Finn_(Misfits)=Finn (Misfits)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/List_of_Tenchi_Muyo!_supporting_characters=List of Tenchi Muyo! supporting characters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/T-Dog_(The_Walking_Dead)=T-Dog (The Walking Dead)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Merle_Dixon=Merle Dixon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tristana_Medeiros=Tristana Medeiros
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tobermory_Cat=Tobermory Cat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caesar_Martinez_(The_Walking_Dead)=Caesar Martinez (The Walking Dead)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kitty_Wilde=Kitty Wilde
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ryder_Lynn=Ryder Lynn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/'80s_Robot='80s Robot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Milton_Mamet=Milton Mamet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Evil_Queen_(Disney)=Evil Queen (Disney)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beth_Greene=Beth Greene
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amanda_(Nikita_character)=Amanda (Nikita character)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pip_(Great_Expectations)=Pip (Great Expectations)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pete_Miller=Pete Miller
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Takme_Buda=Takme Buda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Sampson_(character)=John Sampson (character)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_(Pretty_Little_Liars)=A (Pretty Little Liars)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ruby_(Jewelpet)=Ruby (Jewelpet)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Garnet_(Jewelpet)=Garnet (Jewelpet)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sapphie=Sapphie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kong_Xuan=Kong Xuan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mrs._Grouch=Mrs. Grouch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rey_family=Rey family
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jojo_Khalastra=Jojo Khalastra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goldie_and_Wendy=Goldie and Wendy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Celyn_Buenaventura=Celyn Buenaventura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Control_(fictional_character)=Control (fictional character)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Major_Mahadevan=Major Mahadevan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Axel_(The_Walking_Dead)=Axel (The Walking Dead)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leon_Sandcastle=Leon Sandcastle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jim_(The_Walking_Dead)=Jim (The Walking Dead)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Reese_(Person_of_Interest)=John Reese (Person of Interest)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oscar_(The_Walking_Dead)=Oscar (The Walking Dead)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pleakly_(Lilo_&_Stitch)=Pleakly (Lilo & Stitch)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harold_Finch_(Person_of_Interest)=Harold Finch (Person of Interest)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nora_Grey=Nora Grey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jimmy_Darmody=Jimmy Darmody
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uncle_Sargam=Uncle Sargam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karen_(The_Walking_Dead)=Karen (The Walking Dead)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sasha_(The_Walking_Dead)=Sasha (The Walking Dead)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_Canty=Tom Canty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sophia_Peletier=Sophia Peletier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monk_Metcalf=Monk Metcalf
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johnny_Weeks=Johnny Weeks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kenard=Kenard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Butchie=Butchie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mabel_Pines=Mabel Pines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cuneo_family=Cuneo family
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Randall_Culver=Randall Culver
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oscar_Puffin=Oscar Puffin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/List_of_American_Girl_characters=List of American Girl characters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Agent_L=Agent L
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bholu_(mascot)=Bholu (mascot)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clark_Green=Clark Green
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albert_Volpe=Albert Volpe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ben_(The_Walking_Dead)=Ben (The Walking Dead)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amy_(The_Walking_Dead)=Amy (The Walking Dead)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jimmy_(The_Walking_Dead)=Jimmy (The Walking Dead)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Otis_(The_Walking_Dead)=Otis (The Walking Dead)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patricia_(The_Walking_Dead)=Patricia (The Walking Dead)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrew_(The_Walking_Dead)=Andrew (The Walking Dead)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_Roule=Jean Roule
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bob_Stookey=Bob Stookey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacqui_(The_Walking_Dead)=Jacqui (The Walking Dead)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Allen_(The_Walking_Dead)=Allen (The Walking Dead)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lorenzo_the_cat=Lorenzo the cat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mr._Sowerberry=Mr. Sowerberry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jinzha=Jinzha
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anna_(Disney)=Anna (Disney)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bride_of_Frankenstein_(character)=Bride of Frankenstein (character)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eudora_(Peanuts)=Eudora (Peanuts)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Thin_Controller=The Thin Controller
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Margaret_Thompson=Margaret Thompson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frank_Underwood_(House_of_Cards)=Frank Underwood (House of Cards)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Claire_Underwood=Claire Underwood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bow_(character)=Bow (character)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Camille_Raquin=Camille Raquin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madame_Raquin=Madame Raquin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laurent_LeClaire=Laurent LeClaire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lucky_Lynx=Lucky Lynx
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dougie_Colon=Dougie Colon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ethel_Leckwith=Ethel Leckwith
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stan_Pines=Stan Pines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mother_(How_I_Met_Your_Mother_character)=The Mother (How I Met Your Mother character)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dipper_Pines=Dipper Pines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Two_Curious_Puppies=Two Curious Puppies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Great_Gonzo=The Great Gonzo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jabali=Jabali
http://dbpedia.org/resource/List_of_Divergent_characters=List of Divergent characters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tyra_Collette=Tyra Collette
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Puppy_(Alice's_Adventures_in_Wonderland)=Puppy (Alice's Adventures in Wonderland)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Freddy_Lounds=Freddy Lounds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nilkantha_Bagchi=Nilkantha Bagchi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Machete_(character)=Machete (character)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Behemoth_(Master_and_Margarita)=Behemoth (Master and Margarita)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Master_(Master_and_Margarita)=Master (Master and Margarita)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Margarita_(Master_and_Margarita)=Margarita (Master and Margarita)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Azazello=Azazello
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hannah_McKay=Hannah McKay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eugene_Porter=Eugene Porter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Olivia_Pope=Olivia Pope
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crowley_(Supernatural)=Crowley (Supernatural)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swiebertje=Swiebertje
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tyrion_Lannister=Tyrion Lannister
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Harrow=Richard Harrow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kit_Kittredge=Kit Kittredge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lilly_(The_Walking_Dead)=Lilly (The Walking Dead)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gyp_Rosetti=Gyp Rosetti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richie_Gecko=Richie Gecko
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elizabeth_Jennings_(The_Americans)=Elizabeth Jennings (The Americans)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philip_Jennings_(The_Americans)=Philip Jennings (The Americans)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Characters_of_Blake's_7=Characters of Blake's 7
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Selina_Meyer=Selina Meyer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeremy_Jamm=Jeremy Jamm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Negan=Negan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oliver_Queen_(Arrow)=Oliver Queen (Arrow)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elsa_(Disney)=Elsa (Disney)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tara_Chambler=Tara Chambler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arya_Stark=Arya Stark
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daenerys_Targaryen=Daenerys Targaryen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zack_Martin_(Suite_Life)=Zack Martin (Suite Life)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amanda_Ripley_(character)=Amanda Ripley (character)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mo_Effanga=Mo Effanga
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emilia_(character)=Emilia (character)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thirteenth_Aunt=Thirteenth Aunt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bardolph_(Shakespeare_character)=Bardolph (Shakespeare character)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Janet_King_(character)=Janet King (character)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lizzie_and_Mika_Samuels=Lizzie and Mika Samuels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seymore_D._Fair=Seymore D. Fair
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Olaf_(Disney)=Olaf (Disney)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A._J._Raffles_(character)=A. J. Raffles (character)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patrick_Petrella=Patrick Petrella
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shankar_Roy_Chowdhury_(character)=Shankar Roy Chowdhury (character)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diego_Alvarez_(character)=Diego Alvarez (character)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hans_(Disney)=Hans (Disney)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lance_Spearman=Lance Spearman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Captain_Ahab_(Moby-Dick)=Captain Ahab (Moby-Dick)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Famil-e_Door=Famil-e Door
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baker_bhai=Baker bhai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pepe_the_King_Prawn=Pepe the King Prawn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Akivasha=Akivasha
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adrian_Fletcher_(character)=Adrian Fletcher (character)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jonny_Maconie=Jonny Maconie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zota=Zota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colette_Sheward=Colette Sheward
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gemma_Wilde=Gemma Wilde
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gerty_MacDowell=Gerty MacDowell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martin_Cunningham_(character)=Martin Cunningham (character)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Garrett_Deasy=Garrett Deasy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Haines_(character)=Haines (character)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bantam_Lyons=Bantam Lyons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zosia_March=Zosia March
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eddi_McKee=Eddi McKee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kristoff_(Disney)=Kristoff (Disney)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Catbug=Catbug
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicolas_Le_Floch=Nicolas Le Floch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jesse_Law=Jesse Law
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dominic_Copeland=Dominic Copeland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chulbul_Pandey=Chulbul Pandey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kate_Morgan_(24_character)=Kate Morgan (24 character)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Mole=George Mole
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alex_Blake_(Criminal_Minds)=Alex Blake (Criminal Minds)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Foot_Fella=Foot Fella
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cowardly_Lion=Cowardly Lion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Geraldine_Jones_(character)=Geraldine Jones (character)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CeCe_Drake=CeCe Drake
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Portrayals_of_Alice_in_Wonderland=Portrayals of Alice in Wonderland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tijolinho=Tijolinho
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charlie_Cotton_(2014_character)=Charlie Cotton (2014 character)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mason_Verger_(character)=Mason Verger (character)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rustin_Cohle=Rustin Cohle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Molly_Woods=Molly Woods
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tuva-Lisa_Johansson=Tuva-Lisa Johansson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emanuel_Hjort=Emanuel Hjort
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Drongo_(character)=Drongo (character)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guy_Self=Guy Self
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zoe_Hanna=Zoe Hanna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francis_Ethelbert_Sharkey=Francis Ethelbert Sharkey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miss_Rosa=Miss Rosa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sir_Henry_Clithering=Sir Henry Clithering
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jaggy_MacBee=Jaggy MacBee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raymond_West_(character)=Raymond West (character)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jonathan_Kurtiss=Jonathan Kurtiss
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gaspard_and_Lisa=Gaspard and Lisa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crazy_Eyes_(character)=Crazy Eyes (character)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Piper_Chapman=Piper Chapman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Father_Mapple=Father Mapple
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Choruru=Choruru
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lorna_Morello=Lorna Morello
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doug_Graham_(Winners_&_Losers)=Doug Graham (Winners & Losers)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carla_Hughes_(Winners_&_Losers)=Carla Hughes (Winners & Losers)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pascal_and_Maximus=Pascal and Maximus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jim_Prideaux=Jim Prideaux
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ricki_Tarr=Ricki Tarr
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Old_Yeller_(dog)=Old Yeller (dog)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/T-X=T-X
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gerald_Westerby=Gerald Westerby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yang_Yande=Yang Yande
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kate_Martinelli=Kate Martinelli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gareth_(The_Walking_Dead)=Gareth (The Walking Dead)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marshall_Eriksen=Marshall Eriksen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trent_from_Punchy=Trent from Punchy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don_(character)=Don (character)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Soap_MacTavish=John Soap MacTavish
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Noah_(The_Walking_Dead)=Noah (The Walking Dead)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Captain_McCluskey_(The_Godfather)=Captain McCluskey (The Godfather)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dawn_Lerner=Dawn Lerner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frank_Reagan_(Blue_Bloods)=Frank Reagan (Blue Bloods)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angie_Barnett=Angie Barnett
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Annette_Berkardt=Annette Berkardt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Serena_Campbell=Serena Campbell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Corporal_Nym=Corporal Nym
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ned_Poins=Ned Poins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bajirao_Singham=Bajirao Singham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thog_(Muppet)=Thog (Muppet)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chris_Keller=Chris Keller
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tadashi_Hamada=Tadashi Hamada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caroline_Dawson=Caroline Dawson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abby_Whelan=Abby Whelan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quinn_Perkins=Quinn Perkins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Duke_of_Weselton=The Duke of Weselton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jiang_Ping_(character)=Jiang Ping (character)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/April_Ludgate-Dwyer=April Ludgate-Dwyer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marshmallow_(Disney)=Marshmallow (Disney)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sven_(Disney)=Sven (Disney)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oaken_(Disney)=Oaken (Disney)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lori_Beth_Cunningham=Lori Beth Cunningham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rijuda=Rijuda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grand_Pabbie=Grand Pabbie
